Back to Your Heart
Charmedgal005
Disclaimer
If I owned these Characters (aside from the ones you don't recognize) I probably 
wouldn't be writing these.  If I owned these characters, you would probably see this story 
on the show.  Hey!  You know what?  I am writing these and you don't see this story line 
on the show, therefore, I DO NOT OWN THESE CHARACTERS!!!  So don't sue me!
"Vaughn, this is an easy mission. I have had to do these simple extractions a 
million times over.   I'll be fine." Sydney pleaded as she stood by the door.  Since they 
had taken down SD-6, and the alliance quickly fell afterwards, 8 years earlier, she and 
Vaughn had been happily married.    They had one young daughter who was only 2, 
named Alexandra.  Only Sydney was the only one that called her Alex.  Sydney still was 
part of the CIA, although she only went on one mission every couple of months, while 
being an English professor at the college.  Vaughn got to become a field agent after all of 
his assisting Sydney on her SD-6 missions, and his major role in the take down.
	"Not a million."
	"Ok, so I was exaggerating.  I'll be home tomorrow with time to spare before the 
party."  
	"I don't think I could handle a house full of professors without you."
	"I know.  I'm sorry this had to happen right before it was my turn to host the 
professor party.  But you know I had no choice."
"I know.
"Just get Alex to Francie's before five."
	"Why then?" 
	"Because afterwards at five thirty Francie promised to take Alex to one of those 
inside play grounds."
	"You have to have reservations?"
	"No, but, just do it Michael."
	"I will.  Promise you'll make it back."
	"As always.  You know, you've become a worry wart ever since you became a 
field agent."
	"I now know how wrong things can go."
	Sydney leaned over and gave her loving husband a kiss.  "It's me."
	There came a cry from the bedroom.  Sydney put down her purse to go quickly 
tend to her daughter.  Alexandra had woken up from her nap.  Sydney picked her up, and 
began rocking her.  Alexandra immediately calmed down.  Vaughn watched his girls 
from the door.  He heard a car pull into the driveway.  It could only be one person.  
Sydney's CIA partner.  "Larson is here."  
	"Hello?"  A deep voice called from the living room.  "It's really cold outside so I 
just invited myself in."  He yelled.
	"In the nursery."  Vaughn called. Larson had been to their house on a number of 
occasions, and was considered a close friend of the Vaughns.  
	Larson walked down the hall.  He gave a friendly pat on the back to Vaughn, and 
then turned his attentions to Sydney.  "Sydney, we have to go if we are going to catch the 
last plane to Barcelona."
	Sydney kissed Alexandra on the head, and passed her onto Vaughn.  "I love you." 
She said before kissing him goodbye.
	"Love you too."  Vaughn said.  He held Alexandra as they went to the front door.
	"Bye bye." Sydney said to Alexandra.  Alexandra lifted her pokey hand, and 
waved goodbye.  
	"Bye bye." She said, in her little baby voice.  Sydney smiled at her innocence, and 
picked up her suitcase to leave.  She has little regrets as she shut the door behind her.  
This was an old mission that she had done a million times.  Place a simple bug.  But 
Vaughn however didn't feel the same.  It was one of those pits at the bottom of his 
stomach that made him feel uneasy about the mission.
	Vaughn tried to ignore that feeling.  But when Sydney didn't come home the next 
day when she was supposed to Vaughn, began to worry.  Sydney always called home the 
minute her plane had landed. It was something that she did to let Vaughn know that she 
was ok.  Vaughn did the same for her.  She never called.  Worried, Vaughn called the 
airport.  Her plane had landed almost an hour ago. Sure, Sydney had to go down to 
headquarters before coming home, but it never took an extra three hours.  Vaughn tried to 
shrug it off.    "Have you heard from Syd?"  Vaughn asked Francie as he dropped 
Alexandra off.
	"No, I'm sure she's fine though."  Francie assured.
	"Yeah, I'm sure you're right."  Vaughn passed Alexandra onto Francie.  
	"But if she calls here, you'll be the first to know."
	"Thanks.  Bye Alexandra."  Vaughn said.  Alexandra buried her head in Francie's 
chest as she smiled at her father.  Vaughn turned around.  "France, no cartoons.  Syd 
caught Alexandra quoting one, and got kinda mad at me for having her watch too much 
cartoons."
	Francie chuckled.   "What did she say?"
	"Something from an old one.  I wasn't there, but Syd didn't like it."
	"Ok, I wasn't planning on it anyway.  We were just going to the indoor play 
ground, then head home for some good old fashioned sleeping fun."  Francie said.
	"Thanks for doing this Francie.  I'll pick her up after ten."

	"Ok, have a good party." Francie shut the door.  Vaughn walked out to his car.  
He picked up his cell phone and dialed Sydney's cell number.  She wasn't answering it.  
Then again, if she was inside a building, her phone wouldn't work.  Vaughn then tried the 
house.  Sydney wasn't there either.  Vaughn took a deep breath and crossed his fingers as 
he dialed Larson's cell phone.  He only got a message saying that the phone was 
unavailable. He dialed the number to Weiss, but it was busy.  Frustrated, Vaughn threw 
the cell phone on the passenger's seat and sped off, hoping that he'd beat the guests to his 
house.  He was lucky.  None of the guests had arrived yet, but he didn't have time to 
ponder on this.  He was barely home for more than ten minutes before the door bell rang.  
Happy that he had changed into nicer clothing before dropping off Alexandra, Vaughn 
straightened his shirt and answered the door.
	"Michael!  How wonderful to see you!"  Seth Marks said, upon seeing Vaughn at 
the door.  "Where is Sydney?"  Inwardly Michael groaned.  Of all of Sydney's fellow 
teachers, Seth was his least favorite.  He made it no secret that he liked Sydney, a lot.  
Sydney wasn't a fan of him either, but he was always invited to parties because he is an 
important British Literature teacher in the English department.  Numerous times, he has 
caught Seth hitting on Sydney.  Sydney wasn't going for it every time.
	"She's not back yet."  Vaughn answered.  No one at the college knew about 
Sydney's very part time job as a CIA agent.  
	"Where did she go?"
	Vaughn had to think quickly.  "She's dropping off Alexandra off at the 
babysitters."  Vaughn said.
	Seth put on a phony smile.  "That's nice." He said.  Vaughn stepped out of the 
door way to allow Seth inside.  "Where shall I put the wine?" He asked, holding a bottle 
of wine in his hands.
	How about you and your wine go back to your apartment.  Vaughn thought.   
"Just over there on the counter."    Vaughn was annoyed at the fact Seth was the first one 
there.  It meant that he was forced to play nice host and talk to him.  But he didn't have to 
for long.  Vaughn was very relieved as other professors and their spouses arrived.  The 
house was soon filled with food that people had brought, and filled with people chatting.  
After the first ten people had arrived, Vaughn was able to avoid Seth.  Vaughn went into 
the kitchen to refill the ice, when he felt Seth's presence behind him.
	"Shouldn't Sydney be back by now?" He asked.  "The party has been going for 
almost two hours now, and I didn't think it would take that long to drop off a little girl."
	"Syd and Francie have been known to talk for hours.  I'm just going to call her to 
remind her."  Vaughn said.  He went into the bedroom, and began dialing numbers.  
Francie hadn't heard anything from Sydney yet, Sydney wasn't answering her cell phone, 
Larson's cell wasn't available, and Weiss's was still busy.  Vaughn wasn't at all 
surprised.  Weiss only turned on his cell when he was expecting a call, and whenever 
Weiss got on the internet, he was on for like five hours at a time.  Frugal Weiss decided 
that it was too expense to have two lines, or any other kind of internet.  "Damn it Weiss."  
Knowing that Jack was the only one he hadn't called, and knowing that Jack didn't like 
to be called while directing a mission, Vaughn opted to join the party again.  But he was 
distracted.  
	Vaughn was in the kitchen when someone went and found him.  "Michael, there 
is someone at the door looking for you." She said.

	"Thanks Lana."  Michael put down the empty plates, and went to the door.  Weiss 
was standing there, looking grim.
	"Eric, what's up man?"   Weiss pushed his way to the door.  "Hey, have you 
heard from Sydney?"
	"That is why I'm here tonight."
	"What is that supposed to mean?"
	Weiss pulled Vaughn into the nursery.  "Something went wrong."  Vaughn 
opened his mouth to ask what, but Weiss held up his hand to silence him, "Someone was 
anticipating them.  They had thought of everything.  We couldn't talk to them.  We know 
at least that Larson was zapped, making all communication devices useless.  There was a 
definite struggle.  Larson is dead.  We had a recovery team in there just thirty minutes 
ago.  Sydney was no where to be found."
	Vaughn sunk into the rocking chair by the bed.  This couldn't be happening.  He 
began to silently weep.  He knew this mission wasn't good.
	"What do you want me to do?"
	"The people."  Weiss took two steps to the door before Vaughn stopped him.  
"But don't tell them anything."  Weiss nodded.  Vaughn sat there.  He looked around his 
daughter's room.  Situations ran through his head.  Sydney couldn't contact the CIA, but 
had escaped alive, and was trying to find a way home.  Sydney had been kidnapped, but 
she was ok.  And then there was the worst case scenario, and Vaughn didn't, he couldn't 
believe it.  Sydney could also be dead.
	"They're on their way out now." Weiss said.  "One guy wouldn't leave until she 
made an appearance, but I told him now, or I could wheal him out on a stretcher."
	"That's Seth."
	"The same Seth that you come into work once a month complaining about?"
	"The very one.  I need to get Alexandra."  Vaughn stood up.  
	"No, you stay here, I'll go get her.  You can't drive."
	"I need to get Alexandra."
	Weiss saw how badly his friend needed that connection to his family right then.  
"I'll drive you there."

	"Thanks." Vaughn quietly sat in the car.  He was too distracted.  Weiss was right, 
he couldn't have driven.   He unbuckled his seat belt and got out of the car.  "Eric, come 
in, it's too cold for you to sit in the car like that."  
	Vaughn walked like a zombie up the steps to Francie's apartment.  
	"Michael, you're here earlier than expected, I just got Alexandra down."  France 
cheerfully said when she opened the door.  She saw the very somber look on her best 
friend's husband's face.  "What is it Michael?  You never heard from Sydney did you?  
Eric what are you doing here?  What happened?"  Francie's questions hit Vaughn hard.  
He ignored them, and went into the bedroom where Francie always put Alexandra to 
sleep.  Francie then turned to Weiss for her answers.
	Vaughn couldn't hear much.  But he could hear Weiss say, "She's missing."  And 
Francie beginning to cry.  Vaughn picked up his daughter, and her bag.  Alexandra began 
to stir in her father's arms.  "Shh.  Daddy's here."  Vaughn comforted.
	In Barcelona, a woman wandered the streets lost. Her shoulder length brown hair 
fell straight along her back.  For reasons unknown to her, she had thrown off a blonde 
wig almost ten minutes ago.  She was looking for home.  Nothing felt familiar to her.  
Scared, and alone, she took off running.  Up and down the streets, hoping that she would 
find something that would lead her home.  Exhausted, she collapsed in front of an 
apartment complex.  Nothing still felt familiar.  She sat on the curb, buried her head in 
her hands and began to weep.  She didn't understand why she was so bruised, why she 
felt so sick, why she was so confused, why she was all alone.  
	"Are you ok?"  A woman, approximately her age approached her.
	"I don't know."  The woman said, she was surprised she answered in Spanish.  
All of her thoughts were in English.
	"Are you lost?"
	"Definitely."
	"Where do you live, perhaps I can give you directions?"
	"I don't know."
	"What is your name?'
	"I don't know." With that, the woman began to cry again.  The other woman sat 
down next to this stranger, and put her arms around her in a comforting embrace.

	"Your leg is badly bleeding.  Why don't we start by getting you to the hospital?"
	"It's not that bad."
	"Maybe someone is looking for you there."
	Deciding that the other woman is right, the woman stood up, and took her hand 
for balance.  "I may not know my name, what is yours?"
	"Rosa Gonzales."
	Very glad to know someone, the woman walked to the hospital which was only a 
few blocks away.  She reached into her pocket and pulled out a name tag from a party 
earlier that night.  "My name is Jessica English."  The woman, now Jessica, said.
	"You remembered?"  Rosa asked.
	"No, but I found this name tag in my pocket."
	"Well, at least you have a name, Jessica."
	"Yes, at least I have a name."
	After getting her leg bandaged, the brunette, walked with Rosa to her apartment, 
where Rosa let her stay the night, and the next six years.
	"Daddy, if we don't leave now, I'm going to be late for my soccer game."  Eight 
year old Alexandra Vaughn whined to her father.
	"Just a second honey.  I have to answer this e-mail."  Vaughn answered.
	"You're always doing work."
	"This one isn't work."
	"If it isn't work, then can we go?"
	"Do you want Granny to stay with us next week?"
	"Yes."
	"That is why I have to write this, so I know what time to pick her up."
	"Can you type any faster?"
	"Nope, but I'm all done.  Now let's go beat those Ravens!"  Vaughn 
enthusiastically said.
	"Dad, you're not playing, I am.  And my team is playing the Jaguars."  
	"When did you become such a smart alec?"
	Alexandra shrugged her shoulders.  "I guess I just am." 

Vaughn stood up.  He picked up his coat, and looked longingly at a picture he 
kept by the computer.  His wife, his darling Sydney, standing there, holding his daughter.  
She had been missing for six years.  After the CIA team had searched every inch of the 
house, the only body they found was Larson's.  The only thing of Sydney's was her 
blood, and her wig several blocks away.   Vaughn felt that everyone had given up.  He 
never could.  While everyone was telling him that he should move on, Vaughn couldn't.  
He had spent hours after work looking for her.  Twice he had flown to Barcelona looking 
for her, for just a day.  Four times for several weeks or more.  For a whole year, his 
daughter had been neglected by him.  He had a wake up call when Francie got so worried 
about Vaughn disappearing for a week to look for Sydney in Barcelona when he had only 
dropped off Alexandra to be watched for a couple of hours that she called the police.  
They had threatened to call social services.  Vaughn quit the trips, but he didn't quit 
looking for Sydney.  Then, they fired him.  He hadn't done his job in so long.  He had 
only used the CIA resources to look for Sydney.  Vaughn began to teach high school 
French.  Sydney had always said he'd make a good high school teacher.  Vaughn turned 
his attentions back to Alexandra who was now pulling on his sleeve. She looks just like 
her. He thought to himself.
Vaughn picked up his girl, and she squealed with delight.  "Daddy?  Can we go 
now?"  She asked, as Vaughn put her down.
"Yep."  Vaughn drove to the game.  He waved to his daughter from the sidelines 
as she ran up and down the field.  His best friend came up during the game and sat down 
next to him.
"Have I got news for you."  Eric Weiss said.
"You found me at the game?"
"No, Jack told me that Alexandra had a soccer game.  I just went to every field."
"Must be big news."
"It is."
"Are you ever going to tell me?"
"I thought it would be more fun if I made you wait."
"The game just started, I have time to play your games Eric."  Vaughn only half 
paid attention to the ramblings of his friend.

"Ok, so we have always had links to all of our agents open.  You know, like old 
alias's and stuff to see if people still use them."
"Yeah, I know that.  Need I remind you, I worked there too."
"Well, for the first time in six years, and alias popped up."
"So?"
"A Jessica English to be exact."  
Vaughn snapped to attention.  Someone from behind him poked him, and pointed 
to his daughter who had just scored her first goal.  Vaughn paid no attention to him. 
"That was Sydney's alias."
"Yes."
"You found her?"
"I can't say.  The name turned up on a staff list for a university in Barcelona."
"That was where Sydney was last."
"Yes."
"What are you playing at?"
"There is a team going to Barcelona tonight.  You are welcome to go."
	Vaughn stood up.  "I got to get ready." 
	"Slow down there.  You can't forget about Alexandra.  That was something you 
did for a year.  Don't start up again."
	"You're right.  Could you watch her while I'm away?"
	"Nope."
	"Why not?"
	"I'm going too."
	"Then, I'll call Francie."  Vaughn jumped off of the bleachers, and went behind 
the crowds to make the call.  Vaughn breathed a sigh of relief when Francie's husband, 
Joe, agreed for her.  
	"Daddy!  Daddy!  Did you see the goal I scored?"
	"Yeah!  It was awesome!"  Vaughn lied.  He hated lying to her, but sometimes it 
was the best thing for her.  
	"Uncle Eric!"  Alexandra said, she ran over and gave Weiss a hug.
	"Hey.  You played good today."

	"Thank you.  Guess what, we get to go to the playoffs!"
	"Way cool."  
	Vaughn took Alexandra's hand. "Hey Alexandra, I need to go someplace for a 
couple of days, is that alright with you?"
	Alexandra pouted.  "Please Baby?  I need to do this."
	"Why?"  Alexandra demanded.
	"Because your dad used to be a secret agent of the CIA and he needs to help out 
his government again."  Weiss said.
	Alexandra laughed, at what she supposed was a joke.  "You're funny Uncle Eric.  
Will you be watching me?" 
	"Nope, you're going to Aunt Francie's." Vaughn answered for him.
	"Will Calvin be there?"  Alexandra asked.  She crinkled her nose at the thought of 
spending a lot of time with Francie and Joe's three year old son.
	"Yes.  And you have to be nice.  Calvin likes you."
	"Yeah, but he follows me everywhere.  He's a copy cat!"
	Vaughn looked down at his daughter in a scolding fashion.  She flashed him an 
innocent smile.  "Thank you for being such a good girl for me."
	"Yep."  Alexandra said.  Vaughn drove her home where the two packed, and got 
their things together.  Vaughn quickly called the school he worked for and told them that 
he needed a sub for Monday and Tuesday.
	Vaughn dropped Alexandra off at Francie's house.  Joe had neglected to tell 
Francie that she was staying for a couple of nights making Francie very surprised to see 
Alexandra and Vaughn standing at the door with a child's suitcase.  When that was 
cleared up, Vaughn drove to the building that he had worked at for so long.  He took a 
deep breath before boarding the airport with the rest of the five person team.  In 
Barcelona he hoped he would find his wife.
      Flashback      
There is nothing new parents like more than to get some sleep.  Finally glad that 
they had gotten Alexandra down for a while, Sydney and Vaughn decided to take 
advantage of the opportunity and went to sleep; only to be woken by the four week old's 

cry.  Sydney moaned and rolled over to go answer the cry of her young infant. She sat up 
and put her feet in her slippers, but before she had the chance to stand up, she was 
stopped. "Don't honey, I'll go get her."  Vaughn said, putting his hand on his wife's back 
to stop her.
"Thanks, but if she's hungry," Sydney said.
"I know.  Vaughn said.
Sydney took her slippers off, and crawled back under the blankets.  The soft 
lullaby that Vaughn sang to his daughter soon had Sydney, as well asleep.
Come stop your crying 
It will be all right 
Just take my hand 
Hold it tight 
I will protect you from all around you
I will be here 
Don't you cry 
For one so small, you seem so strong 
My arms will hold you, keep you safe and warm 
This bond between us can't be broken 
I will be here 
Don't you cry 
'Cause you'll be in my heart 
Yes, you'll be in my heart 
From this day on 
Now and forever more 
You'll be in my heart 
No matter what they say 
You'll be in my heart, always 
Always.

	"You have a beautiful voice."  She said when she felt her husband's warmth next 
to her.
"Thank you."  He said.
   End Flashback      
			Vaughn made it a point to sing his daughter to sleep.  Even in Barcelona, when it 
came time for Alexandra to go to bed, Vaughn made sure that he called her, and sang her 
the lullaby that he had sung since the day she was born.  Something his sister did for her 
son, and something that Vaughn had wanted to make a tradition.  Sometimes Alexandra 
would get annoyed at her father always singing to her, but hearing his voice over the 
phone from across the Atlantic Ocean made Alexandra so happy.
			"You are one devoted father."  Weiss said.
			"It is just what Sydney always wanted.  A devoted family.  I'm going to give it to 
her."  Vaughn simply said.
That was the third time that month that Jessica had had that dream.  It wasn't a 
memory, but something she yearned.  She was standing at the park with her daughter, 
Juliana, and there was a man with them.  They were throwing a ball around, like a normal 
family would. Every time Jessica went closer to see the man's face, he would turn away.  
Then when he was close enough that she could see his face, it was blurry, like her head 
wanted to remember what he looked like, but couldn't.  But there was a song playing in 
the background, one that felt more familiar than not.  She had heard it before, but 
couldn't place it.  At first Jessica thought it was a memory. But it was impossible to be a 
memory.  When Rosaline had found her, she was barely pregnant.  Juliana never knew 
her father.  Jessica looked over at her clock in her bedroom, and began to run around her 
room.  She quickly woke up Juliana and Raquel, Rosa's three year old.  That was her job 
in the morning, getting the kids to school.  Not a day went by when Jessica wasn't 
grateful for Rosaline's hospitality. She had taken her in, and helped Jessica find a job at 
the university, teaching English, something that came more naturally than Spanish.  Even 

after Rosaline had married Luis, and had their daughter Raquel, Jessica was still allowed 
to live with them.  It was something that she held on to with a force.  "Keys!" Jessica 
English called out, as she did every morning.
"Check the table." Her five year old Juliana said, as she ran into the kitchen, all 
dressed in her uniform for school.
"What would I do without you?"
"Lose your keys." Jessica laughed at her daughter's wit.  
"That I would!" Juliana glowed.  "Rosa, Luis are you ready?"  Jessica called 
up the stairs.
"Go on without us!" Rosaline called back.  "We're running late!" Jessica 
heard a fit of coughs from their room, and figured that Luis was fairly sick.  She figured 
that Luis wouldn't be going to work.  It was because of him that they had that nice 
apartment.  Luis was a doctor, so the minute he was feeling sick, he would have the day 
off.  
"Ok, we're leaving!" Jessica called.  She grabbed her daughter, Raquel and ran 
out the door, and to the bus stop.  They saw Rosa and Luis get into their car and drive off, 
presumably to the doctors.  Luis' cough did not sound good.
"Tia Jessica, why didn't Mama come today?" Raquel asked.
"I don't know.  I think your dad is sick." The bus stopped and there was a rush 
of people getting off.  "Onto the bus girls." Jessica said.  She watched as some men 
stepped out of the car.  They felt a little familiar, but she couldn't pick out why. Jessica 
got on the bus, and paid the fare to get to the university.  
Vaughn stepped out of the car.  Weiss had told him that a Jessica English lived in 
the wealthier part of town, and he drove him there.  Vaughn now looked at a large 
apartment building.  Inside the building could live his wife he said.  Vaughn saw people 
getting off the bus, and watched as one woman ushered her two young daughters onto the 
bus, like someone normal would do. He couldn't see the mother's face, but there was 
something about the older daughter that reminded him of his own. Vaughn had the 
impulse to pick up his phone and call Alexandra, but realized that it was only midnight, 
and she was still sound asleep.

"Let's go Vaughn."  Weiss said.  Vaughn led the team to the apartment, only to 
find that no one was there.  "We're going to come back tonight."  Weiss said, upon 
seeing the disappointment on his friend's face.
Jessica stepped off the bus, and quickly ran the girls to the school, only a block 
away.  Juliana's teacher was not pleased at the fact that Juliana was late.  Jessica felt bad.  
Her daughter was late because she sat in bed too long, thinking about the dream.  
Jessica's mind wandered back to the dream as she ran two buildings over to drop Raquel 
off at her school, only to be turned away at the door, saying that the teacher was sick.  
Cursing her bad luck, and knowing that Rosa could definitely not take her to work with 
her, Jessica grabbed her best friend's daughter and brought her to her office, where there 
was already a little place for her and Juliana to play after school.
"Why are we here?  I wanted to play at school."  Raquel whined.
"You teacher couldn't come today.  Do you mind playing here today?"  Jessica 
begged.
"Do I have to?"
"Sorry." Jessica apologized as she took the movie out of Raquel's backpack 
(she was bringing it to show and tell) and into the VCR in her office.  Raquel was 
immediately watching the movie.  She took a closer look at the box to see what Raquel 
was watching.  Tarzan.  Jessica read. The dubbed version.  Of coarse it was dubbed, 
Raquel, and every other kid her age can't read the subtitles yet.  Jessica thought.  She sat 
down behind her desk and began to grade papers, after a little while, Raquel was pulling 
on her skirt.
"Tia Jessica, it's in English.  What is it saying?" Raquel asked.  Jessica stood 
up and went over to look at the TV squarely.  It was a song that Disney didn't bother 
translating into Spanish.  Jessica backed it up
"Come stop your crying.  It will be all right" The monkey sang.
"Parada venida su gritando todo correcto." Jessica translated.
"Just take my hand.  Hold it tight"
"Toma justa mi asimiento de la mano el firmemente."
"I will protect you from all around you."

"Le protegere contra todo alrededor usted."  Jessica continued to translate for the 
little girl.  But as the chorus came around, she felt that she didn't need to hear the rest of 
the song to translate it.  She knew it by heart. It was the very song in the dream from the 
night before.  It was a memory.  
"'causa usted estara en mi corazon 
si, usted estara en mi corazon
a partir de este dia encendido
ahora y por siempre mas"  Jessica sang for Raquel.  It was a memory.  She 
remembered something.  But it was more than the song as she thought about it.  She was 
sitting in a rocking chair, watching a man holding a young child.  The room was painted 
pink, making Jessica assume that the infant was a girl.  And the man was singing that 
song to her.  She got up and walked to the man.  "I love you guys both."  She said, 
kissing both of them.  Jessica slid back into her seat as she remembered this.  She had 
another daughter she realized. 
Jessica reached for her phone within an instant.  It had barely sunk in, but she had 
to call someone, anyone.  She dialed Rosa's work number, but Rosa wasn't there.  Jessica 
began to daydream, and tried to remember more.  Her other daughter had to be older than 
six, because she had to have been born before she met Rosa.  Jessica tried to picture what 
she looked like, but all she could see was Juliana.  Juliana, the daughter she knew.  
Juliana, her savior.  Juliana, everything she had ever known to be true.  And not knowing 
what the father looked like, made picturing the other daughter hard.  For all she knew 
Juliana and the other daughter could have different fathers, but she doubted that.  Jessica 
got tired of calling her other daughter, her other daughter, so until that day in the far 
future when she would finally figure out who she was, who her family was, Jessica 
decided to name her.  She picked up the closest book off the shelf, and fingered through 
it.  But a name that she had considered for Juliana when she was born stuck out more.  
Alexis.  The only reason she didn't name Juliana Alexis, was Rosa found it very hard to 
pronounce.  Jessica tried to remember more.  But the memories wouldn't come.  She just

kept reliving the same memory.  The song triggered the memory.  She wondered if 
Raquel would mind if she rewound the movie and listened to that song again.
 She didn't have time to linger long on the thought.  Her office hours had started, 
and there was a constant flow of students needing her help.  Even Raquel could tell that 
she needed stay out of the way it was so busy.
"What am I going to do with you while I teach?" Jessica asked Raquel as she 
went to open the door for yet another student.
Raquel stared up at her blankly and yawned.  "Movie again?" She asked.
"Sure, but you'll go to sleep when I ask you to?"
Raquel nodded. "Uh, huh."
"Good, because I need you to take a nap while I teach."
"Ok."
Jessica allowed the next student in, while Raquel watched Tarzan for the third 
time that day.  When the time came, she scooped up the already sleeping Raquel into her 
arms, and carried her with some blankets to the classroom.  After arranging a little bed 
under the desk, Jessica went about preparing for her students to arrive.  Raquel barely 
stirred.  Someone entered the room, and Jessica looked up from the textbook.  
"Excuse me, are you Prof. English?" The man asked.
Jessica looked into his eyes.  They felt familiar.   "Uh, yes I am."
"Good, I found the right room.  My name is Eric Weiss, I am the one who had 
asked to sit in on one of your classes."
"Oh right, the prospective teacher."
"Yes."
"What would you teach?"
Weiss didn't know what to say.   This part wasn't rehearsed.  Vaughn had only 
asked him to sit on the class as a prospective teacher to see if she still acted the same.  
"English."  He said, not bothering with Spanish.
"That makes sense.  You have a very good accent."
"I actually grew up in Las Angles.  I just decided to move to Barcelona because 
that is where my wife lives."  He lied.  He saw something in her eye as he mentioned LA 
and wife. 
Jessica didn't know who this man was.  He felt familiar.  But she couldn't place 
him.  At first she thought he was a former student, but when he mentioned that he was 
from LA, it just wasn't possible.  Maybe he looks like someone I know.  He kinda looks 
like Luis' brother.  She thought.  "You can sit back there."  She said.  Jessica peeked 
under her desk at the still sleeping Raquel.  Jessica said a quick prayer that she remained 
asleep, as the students began to nosily file in.  She began to teach her lesson.  As the class 
got closer to the end, there came a knock on her door, and Rosa came flying.  Jessica 
pointed to her desk, and Rosa ran over to it.  She picked up the bundle that was her 
daughter and went flying out again.  Jessica watched the Weiss mutter something under 
his breath, as her students began to ask questions on what that was all about.
In the unmarked white van outside the building Vaughn was cursing.  A little girl, 
about three had been taken out of the room.  Weiss could only assume that it was 
Sydney's daughter.  Vaughn quickly did the math.  There was no way in heaven or hell 
that girl could be his daughter.  He didn't move on after Sydney disappeared, so why did 
he assume that she would, especially if she didn't remember anything? "Are you sure 
man?"  He asked.
"No." Weiss muttered.  "Hold on, one of the girls is asking if it is her daughter."  
Weiss turned up his microphone.
"Era eso su hija que ella se llevo a cabo de aqui?"  A girl asked.
"We are in English class, I will answer your question when you ask in English."  
She instructed.  
 "Juliana."  Jessica didn't allow anymore questions on the matter, as she began to 
teach the lesson again.
The girl nodded, and thought for a moment before she continued.  "Was that you 
daughter that her carried out?"  She asked, her English broken, but clear.
"Was that your daughter that she carried out."  Jessica corrected.  "No, that 
wasn't.  I was just babysitting for a little bit.  My daughter is 5."  She spoke slowly, to 
allow the class to understand her.
"What was girl's name?"  The first girl asked.
"That was Raquel."
"How old?" 

"Three."
"What is your daughter name?"  Another girl asked.
 "Did you catch that man?"  Eric said.
"Yeah, thanks."  He sunk into his chair.  There was no one else in the van with 
him.  Everyone else had decided to go out touristing while they had some down time.  
Vaughn was glad about that.  It meant that he could linger on the thought longer than if 
he was surrounded by other guys.  Juliana was five years old.  Vaughn put two and two 
together.  There was a very high chance that this Juliana was his daughter as well.  
Juliana had to be closer to five and a half, but parents don't say that.  They just give the 
general age.  Alexandra was eight and three quarters, she told everyone that.  But Vaughn 
just called her eight.  So if the timing was right, Juliana could be his daughter.  They had 
been trying before her mission.  It was possible.  Vaughn sat there, staring at the panel of 
dials on the side of the van until Weiss came back out to the van.
"That was probably one of the most exciting classes I have ever had since John 
Honk blew up the sink in tenth grade chemistry." Weiss said, the second he got into the 
van.
"She's that good of a teacher?"  Vaughn asked hopeful.
"She's good.  I found the lesson boring but that is because I knew all of that stuff.  
No, what I found out is what made it so interesting."
"I know."
"You look like you're still in shock."
"Probably because I still am."
"She is still really beautiful."
"Juliana or Sydney?"
"Sydney.  I haven't seen anything of Juliana yet."
"We're going to the apartment tonight, right?"
"We were planning on tomorrow, but if you really want to go tonight, I can 
understand."
"Thanks."
"Another daughter.  Wow."
"I don't even know how to explain everything to Alexandra."

"Start with, Alexandra this is your sister."
"That is what makes it so hard.  She doesn't know about Sydney."
"How can she not know about Sydney?  She's her mother for god sakes!"
"She's never asked what happened to her.  I think its some sort of understanding 
that her mother doesn't live with us."
"But you talk to her about it, right.  I mean she knows that Sydney is alive."
"I don't know.  We talk about Sydney, a lot.  She asks about what she was like, 
and I tell her, she asks all sorts of questions, but what happened to her never came up."
"I always knew that there was something odd about Alex."
"The name is Alexandra."  Vaughn sternly said.
"Right, but Alexandra is such a mouthful, can't you just get over this whole, 
that's Syd's nickname for her thing, and call her Al-"
"No, because Sydney is standing inside that building."
"She may look the same, she may act the same, she may have your daughter, but 
that woman in there knows nothing of Sydney Vaughn, or Sydney Bristow.  She knows 
that her names is Jessica English.  And I have been doing some research on amnesia 
victims, which by the way is the popular theory flying around, and the latch on hard and 
strong at what they know, and don't let go easily."
"I guess you're right." Vaughn said.  "But I am not going to give up hope."
"She's leaving her office in half an hour.  Would you like me to go in and see if I 
could get a copy of a picture of Juliana for you?"
Vaughn sat on the notion for a second.  "No, I'll wait until tonight."
"Ok."  The two sat there in silence for quite some time, before they saw Sydney 
leave the building.  Vaughn followed her carefully with the video camera until she was 
out of sight.  
"Eric, drive to the elementary school."
"Why?"
"Just do it!" 
Weiss jumped into the front seat and drove to the elementary school, where 
children were playing after school.  Vaughn took the camera, and looked around at every 
kid.  "Why did you have me drive here?"

"She's why."  Vaughn said.  He stopped the camera, where a little girl sat quietly 
on a grassy hill, coloring in a coloring book.
"She looks just like Alexandra."  Weiss said.
"I think that's Juliana."
"I swear, if I didn't know about Juliana, I would have thought you brought 
Alexandra with you."  
"She should be picking her up soon."  Sure enough, Vaughn watched as Sydney 
walked over to the little girl on the hill, and pick her up.  
Vaughn was speechless.
				
	Alexandra didn't know how to react to the news that her father was going to drop 
her off at her aunt's house.  She thought she was lucky.  Her dad worked at a high school, 
meaning he didn't have to travel for work.  So why was she suddenly thrust into her Aunt 
Francie's house, she wondered.  She even had to share a room with Calvin for a couple of 
nights.  She didn't even know how long her dad was going to be gone.  She sighed as she 
fell back onto the couch.  She wanted to be at home, not at Aunt Francie's house.  Calvin 
had been watching her and following her since she had arrived.  He gave her a smile, and 
then did an over dramatic sigh, and jumped onto the couch.  "Don't jump Calvin." France 
scolded.  Calvin crinkled up his nose, and began to fidget.  "Hey Alexandra, could you 
set the table for me?" 
	"Sure."  Francie handed Alexandra a pile of plates.  It felt larger than it had to be.  
"Aunt Francie, how come there are eight plates, there is only four of us."
	"Will and crew are coming over for dinner.   They had been planning on coming 
over for a while now.  You were just an added bonus."  
	Alexandra's sprits immediately rose.  She liked her Uncle Will, and his wife Mia 
was pretty cool too.  And his daughters were the coolest.  Sure, they weren't her age, but 
they were twins.  Mallory and Sydney were their names.  They were only five.  To an 
eight year old, there is something about twins that make everything special.  She would 
never tell Leigh (Sydney's middle name, everyone called her that) or Ally (Malory's 
nickname) this, but sometimes with her friends, they would play twins.  Leigh and Ally 
thought being twins was stupid.  But not Alexandra. She often wished she was a twin.  


That way she could have someone to talk to at home besides her dad.  But that is not what 
she really wanted.  Alexandra really wanted a little sister.  Each year, for Christmas, 
when her daddy wasn't looking, Alexandra would wish to Santa for her daddy to fall in 
love again, and she would get a step mom, and a little sister.  Even though she didn't 
believe in Santa anymore, Alexandra would still write the letter and mail it.  Each year 
Santa never delivered.
 There was an odd sort of connection between Uncle Will and her.  Alexandra 
didn't know why, but she felt that it had something to do with the fact that he had named 
on of his daughters after her mother.  She also knew for a fact that he once loved her 
mother, but he got over her.  Her daddy never liked Will all that much.  Probably because 
he was considered the competition once.  But Alexandra always liked him.
Alexandra had fun at dinner.  Calvin knew that when Leigh and Ally were around, 
he wasn't going to like the games the three would play, so he would go off by himself 
and play, and stopped bothering Alexandra.  Will, Mia, Ally, and Leigh left at eight, 
leaving Alexandra sour, at no longer having Calvin by himself.  
"Bed time mister!"  Joe said, scooping his son into his arms.
"Ahhhh noooo!"  Calvin protested.
Their playful screams were still heard down the hall.
"You may want to head to bed now too."  Francie said, putting a hand on 
Alexandra's shoulder.
"Why?  It's Saturday?  My daddy lets me stay up until nine on Saturdays."
"I know, but in this family, we go to church Sunday morning."
"I never go to church."
"But tomorrow you will.  We can't leave you here by yourself."
"I don't have a dress."
"I happen to have one I was planning to give you for your birthday, but you can 
have it now."
"Ok."
"Good, now go to bed you rascal you."  Alexandra ran down the hall, and got 
changed into her pajamas.  She was about ready to climb into her sleeping bag, when 
Francie came rapping at the door.

"Alexandra, your dad is on the phone and he wants to talk to you."  She said.
Alexandra went running out of the door, and down the hall where she knew the 
phone was.  "Hi Daddy!"  She exclaimed.
"Hey Angel!"
"Where are you?"
"I can't tell you."
"How about when?  Are you coming home tomorrow?"
"Nope.  Sorry.  We just got here.  And it is really late, so we won't be able to start 
until tomorrow, and then at least two days here, and then fly home."
"So three more days?"
"Three more days here, which means its more like three and a half days."
"Aww"
"Sorry."
"But listen.  Are you one the cordless phone in the hallway?"
"Yeah?"
"Go to your sleeping bag."
"You don't have to Dad."
"But I want to.  Now go on."
"Ok."  Alexandra ran to her sleeping bag and jumped in.  "I'm in."
Very quietly Vaughn began to sing to his daughter, the very same lullaby as he 
had since the day she was born.
 "Night Alexandra."  He said once he was finished.
"Night Daddy.  I love you."
"I love you too."  Alexandra handed the phone to Francie who started to talk to 
Vaughn.  Alexandra woke up the next morning, and she took a few seconds to realize her 
surroundings.  There was a beautiful dress sitting on Calvin's chair waiting for her.  
Alexandra squealed with delight, as she picked it up.  It was perfect for church.  She got 
dressed in her brand new birthday dress, and went running out to breakfast.  "Thank you 
so much Aunt Francie!"  She said, throwing her arms around Francie.
"You're welcome.  Now hurry up and eat your cereal, I want to leave soon."


"Ok."  She gobbled up her food fast, as Joe struggled to get Calvin in his little 
baby suit.  Alexandra found the service to be dull, but she only yawned twice.  Unlike 
Joe, who practically fell asleep.  Francie took Alexandra's hand after the service and led 
Alexandra to the Sunday School class rooms.  Alexandra quietly stood in the back 
waiting for the rest of the kids to come in.  The teacher was nice, but a usually loud 
Alexandra was quiet and reserved as they worked on the craft for the day.  They were 
making Christmas ornament angels.  There wasn't enough time to finish them, so they 
were going to finish them the next week.
"I'm not going to be here next week."  Alexandra quietly said.
The teacher understood.  She went into the cupboard and pulled out the rest of the 
materials.  "Here is all of the other things you're going to need to finish this.  Remember 
how I asked everyone to bring a picture of someone they consider an angel in their lives.  
So you can do the same."
"Thank  you."
"You're welcome.  Do you know who you want to use?"
"Yes."  With that, Alexandra went running out to leave with Francie and Joe.  
"What do you have there?"  Joe asked.
"We were making angels, and I didn't get to finish mine.  She let me take home 
the stuff so that I could finish it at home."
"That is very nice."
"Aunt Francie, do you have any pictures of my mom?"  Alexandra asked, as they 
walked through the front door of the house.  "Ones that I might be able to cut up?"
"Sure, somewhere.  Why?"


"You know how we made angels?"  Francie nodded, "Well, we're supposed to 
put a picture of someone who is an angel to us, and my mom is an angel, since she's in 
heaven."
Francie froze.  He never told her.  She could not believe that Vaughn had never 
told Alexandra the truth.  True, it wasn't a pretty truth, but that was where he was now.  
Bringing home a mother she thinks is dead.  "Who told you that?"  Francie asked, 
carefully choosing her words.
"I kinda figured it out on my own.  You know, she hasn't been around since I was 
two."
"Ok."  Francie went into her bedroom, and pulled out a hat box of photos.  "Here, 
you go, you can flip through these if you'd like."
"Thanks."  Alex propped herself on her knees on the chair and took out a small 
handful of photos, to begin looking through.   Francie watched as this girl picked through 
photos of her, and Alexandra's mother.  She realized that it had been too long since she 
as well had looked through those photos.  There were things to do, but sometimes, 
bonding with your best friend's daughter of old pictures takes prescience.  Alexandra 
looked up at the older woman's presence at the table.  Alex had already put aside a small 
pile of pictures that she liked.  "Those are the ones I might use."  Francie picked them up 
and looked at them.  Most of them were just close ups of Sydney that really captured her 
true spirit.  Alexandra picked up a new photo from the box, and gave a laugh.  "Tell me 
about this one Aunt Francie."  She begged. 
Francie took one look at the photo and laughed as the happy memory came back 
to her.  There was her, Sydney, Will, Danny, and Charlie, and Will's girlfriend of the 
week.  Francie could never remember their names.  The memory came easy to her.  It was 
from one of the good old days.  Before Danny died, before Charlie was discovered 
cheating, before anyone except Sydney knew about SD-6 and the CIA.   They were 
covered in mud, standing out in the rain, smiles larger than the Grand Canyon spread 
across their faces.  Danny was looking at Sydney with so much love, that when she saw 


this picture, she couldn't believe that Sydney believed that Vaughn loved her more than 
Danny ever did. "This picture here was taken after we went to the park on Easter.  It was 
something we did every Easter.  We would go to the park and play a game of soccer.  
Only it started to rain.  No one wanted to quit because of a little rain, so we played.  At 
the end we were so covered in mud.  We just had to have a picture of this, so some poor 
person walking their dog took this from this."
"Who are these people?"
"Um our boyfriends and Will's girlfriend of the week."
"Ok."  Francie continued to tell Alexandra stories behind each picture.  At long 
last, she found the perfect picture.  It was just a picture of Sydney.  Francie couldn't tell 
where it was, but all she knew, is that there wasn't a more perfect picture.  Alexandra 
went about working on her angel.  
Ring Francie ran for the phone.  "Hello?"  She said.
"Hey Francie."  Vaughn's voice said back.  "I do believe my little angel is at your 
house."
"She is, but I need to talk to you first."  Francie went into the bedroom.
	"Ok."
	"She doesn't know that Sydney is alive."
	"I know.  It just hasn't come up."
	"You kinda need to tell her."
	"I will, we're only setting up surveillance today.  We won't actually be able to see 
her until tomorrow."
	"You need to tell her."
	"We're not sure that we have the right Jessica English"


	"Just tell her."  Francie came out of the bedroom and handed the phone to 
Alexandra.  Francie didn't hear the rest of the conversation.  Instead she picked up the 
mud picture and put it in the bottom of her picture box.  She didn't need pictures to 
remind her of Sydney.  Alexandra was all she need.  Plus, she had complete faith that this 
time, Vaughn wasn't coming home empty handed.
				
	Jessica took her daughter home, without their normal stop at the playground, 
which made Juliana very angry.
	"I wanted to stop." Juliana whined.
	"I'm sorry; I need to talk to Tia Rosa.  And it is important."  Jessica answered, 
speaking English to her daughter, hurrying her onto the bus.
	"You did it again." Juliana said.
	"Did what?"
	"Talked to me in English."
	"I'm sorry.  I said I need to talk to Tia about something important."
	"Oh." Juliana sank into her seat.  "Can we stop tomorrow?" She begged.
	"Yeah, sure.  I promise."Although Juliana got the satisfaction of knowing that 
the next day she would stop at the playground, Juliana continued to sulk to show her 
mother her displeasure.  Jessica ran into the house, and ran up to her bedroom.  Juliana 
thought her mother was insane as she shut the door.  Jessica opened a small box that 
rested on top of her closet shelf.  Inside she neatly carried out a few pieces of clothing.  
And set them onto her bed.  Underneath it all was a folded up name tag.  She picked it up 
and examined it carefully.  It was a simple name tag, consisting of only her name and a 
blue border.  She heard the soft knock of Rosa.
	"Juliana said you guys didn't stop at the playground because you needed to talk 
to me.  What's up?" The concerned friend asked.
	"I had a memory today." She simply said, fingering the name tag.
	Rosa jumped off her seat on the bed, and hugged her best friend.  "That is so 
great!" She said.  "Now tell me about it." She demanded.
	"I was in a nursery.  There was a lot of pink.  I was sitting in a rocking chair, and 
there was a man standing by the door, holding a baby.  I think it's a girl because well, all 


the pink.  He was singing the girl some lullaby.  And the whole reason I got the memory 
was because for the umpteenth time that day, I stood and watched Raquel watch that 
Tarzan movie she likes so much, and I translated that song the monkey"
	"Gorilla." Rosa corrected.
	"Gorilla, sorry sings to Tarzan, and that was the song that the guy was singing to 
the baby.  And then I got up kissed both of them, and said I loved them."
	Rosa gasped.  "Do you know what this means Jessica?"
	"I'm pretty sure I do.  I have spent all afternoon thinking about it."
	"You have another daughter, and a husband."
	"We already knew about the husband."
	"And I sort of guessed you had a family."
	"You did?  How come you never told me?"
	"Because you would obsess. Now, I know that you already thought of a name for 
this daughter of yours.  Tell me."
	"You do know me too well.  And I am not changing the name because you like 
something better.  Because this probably isn't even close to her real name"
	"Oh get on with it!"
	"Alexis."  Jessica said.
	"That was the one you considered for Juliana, isn't it?"
	"Yes, and I have always liked it."
	"So what are you going to do to find her?"
	"See, that's the thing.  I don't even know if that is a real memory."
	"Are you not going to look for her?"
	"I don't think so.  But it pains me to think that she might be real and she might 
be out there without her mother, but this I know is real, and if I search, I might forget 
about Juliana.  My memory is terrible you know."
	"Juliana has your keys by the way."
	Jessica chuckled.  "See, I can barely remember my keys."
	"It's just a side effect of amnesia.  When are you going to therapy to help your 
memory again?"


	"Never.  I don't need to pay someone to tell me I forget things.  I can barely 
afford to fix my car."
	"Well, to lighten your spirits, how about you and I go out to dinner to celebrate 
your memory.  My treat.  I'll have Luis watch Raquel and Juliana, and you and I can go 
celebrate?"
	Jessica smiled.  "That sounds great.  Just call me down when you're ready to 
go."
	"Ok, but you got to promise me you'll put that box away.  You are Jessica 
English.  That is what your name tag said."	

	Jessica couldn't help but beam at her best friend.  She felt truly lucky to have a 
friend that was as hospitable as Rosaline.  When she often couldn't figure out who she 
was, Rosa would always be the one to reassure her that she was Jessica English.  Very 
neatly, Jessica put the clothing back into the box.  She didn't realize how dusty it had 
gotten on the top shelf.  Before placing the name tag on top of the clothing, she carefully 
dusted the box off.  She laid the name tag on top of the sleek dress, and put the lid on the 
box.  The air came out of the box with a final sounding whoosh.
	"Jessica, lets go!"  
	She was excited about the night.  She and Rosa hadn't done anything like that 
since she had remembered that she was fluent in French almost three years prior.  Since 
then, there hadn't been any more memories, or realizations.  The two grabbed their coats, 
and ran out the door laughing at 7:00.
	Vaughn looked at his watch.  8:00 "They should be home by now, don't you think 
Eric?"  
	Weiss was eating his sandwich looked over at his friend.  "Yeah.  Only crazies 
like us are up this late." He said sarcastically.  Vaughn turned on his com link, and 
opened the door.  
	"I'm going in.  I'll see you in a bit."  He said.  Weiss turned on the video feed, 
and saw Vaughn's movement.
	"Slow down, this isn't a race."  Weiss said.  


	"Right."  Vaughn said.  "Do you realize who is on the other side of the door?" 
Vaughn stopped dead in his tracks at the thought.
	"Is it just now hitting you?"
	"First time it has really felt real.  She's in there."
	"Yeah, Jessica English.  Keep moving man."
	"No, Sydney Vaughn."
	"I think I've told you this before.  She may not know she is Sydney Vaughn, or 
who you are talking about.  Do you no what you're going to say to her?"
	"No."  There was an eerie sense of silence between the two best friends.
	"Glide more when you walk.  You're making me sick."
	"I am gliding, I'm just so nervous, I'm shaking."
	"Calm down man, I'm trying to keep my dinner, not lose it."
	"Got it."  Eric watched the monitor, as it got less shaky.  
	"Thanks, remember, I'm right behind you."
	"You're in the van."
	"But I'm watching and listening to your every move."
	"That sounds like something from a horror movie."  Vaughn gave a small 
chuckle.  That was Weiss's intentions.  He had wanted to make Vaughn laugh to ease his 
tensions.  The video monitor stopped, and looked directly at a brown wooden door.
	"Mike, you've been standing at the front door for several minutes now. You need 
to ring the door bell now."  
	Vaughn took a deep breath, and rang the door bell.  He could hear the joyful 
shouts of children inside racing to get the door.  The door opened and he looked down to 
see a three year old staring at him.  Vaughn crouched down to get eye level with the little 
girl.  "Hi there, I'm looking for Jessica English." The little girl just stared up at him.
	"Raquel, go back to watching the movie with Juliana." A masculine voice said.  
Vaughn stood up. He was eye to eye with a tall man.  It took all of Vaughn's strength not 
to punch him.  He could be married to Sydney.  Sydney was his wife. He looked around 
for Juliana at the sound of her name.  But she was in another room. "Can I help you?" 
He then asked Vaughn.
	"My name is Michael Vaughn, I'm looking for Jessica English." He said.


	"She and my wife actually are not here right now.  They called a little bit ago, 
and promised to be home within then minutes.  Would you like to come in?" The man 
said.  Vaughn took a sigh of relief when he found out that the man at the door was 
married to someone else, not his wife.
	"Thank you." Vaughn stepped inside the house. 
	"My name is Luis Gonzales."
	"Michael Vaughn."
	"How do you know Jessica?"
	Vaughn looked around the small kitchen nervously.  "Not to be rude or anything, 
but I should to talk to her first."
	"Understandable." Luis took a seat at the oval table, and urged Vaughn to do 
the same.
	The two men sat in silence, waiting for Jessica and Rosa to get home.  They 
would occasionally smile politely at each other.  The only sounds came from the TV in 
the next room, where the two young children giggled at the movie.  Luis glanced up at 
the clock.  "They're later than I thought they would be.  Perhaps I could have her call 
you tomorrow?"  
	Vaughn looked at his watch.  He heard Weiss' voice answer for him.  "It sounds 
like you are a tad bit nervous.  Have her call."
	"Yes, that would be fine." Vaughn pulled out a card from his pocket.  "Could 
you have her call this number as soon as she gets home.  I'm only in town for a few 
days"
	"Certainly."
	Vaughn stood up, followed closely by Luis and walked to the door.  He paused 
before opening at the sight of the two little girls giggling at the cartoons.  Vaughn smiled 
as he remembered how every Saturday morning, Alexandra did the same.
	"Make sure she calls quickly."
	"I will, bye."
	"Good bye" Vaughn shut the door.  And walked out to Weiss waiting in the 
van.  "Head back to the hotel."
	"That went well."  Weiss said.


	"Sure."  As the two pulled to the stop light a block and a half away, Jessica and 
Rosa parked the car, and went inside their apartment.
				
Rosa and Jessica came into the house, and were immediately crowded around by their 
respective daughters.  "Miss us much?" Jessica asked Juliana.
	"No, but Tio Luis is making us go to bed."
	"It's bed time."
	"But you guys let us stay up later sometimes."
	"Not on school nights."  Jessica gently led Juliana to her bedroom, where she 
helped her get ready for bed.
	"Jessica, a guy stopped by earlier.   He wanted you to call him when you got 
home."  Luis said.  He handed Jessica Vaughn's card.
	"Michael C. Vaughn."  Jessica read.  Rosa looked over her friend's shoulder.  
"That name seems familiar."  She said.
	"Old student?"  Rosa offered.
	"No, it's obviously French."  Jessica kept looking at the card.  "Vaughn.  
Vaughn?  Vaughn.  Where have I heard that name before?"
	"He said call quickly because he is only in town for a few short days."
	"Ok." Jessica went up to her room to use the phone up there.  She dialed the 
first 6 numbers and then paused.  She took a deep breath before pushing the final number.  
It rang twice before she heard someone pick up.
	"Hello?"  A deep voice said.
	"May I speak to Michael Vaughn please?"
	"Is this Jessica English?"
	"Yes."
	"You're talking to him."  Jessica was taken aback at the English, but she quickly 
realized that it made sense.  He answered in English.
	"I heard you stopped by my house, looking for me."
	"Yeah."
	"And you wanted me to call you when I got back."
	"Yeah."


	"I'm calling."
	Vaughn didn't know what to say.  "I have something important to say, but I need 
to tell you in person.  Perhaps over coffee or something tomorrow?"
	Was he asking me out?  Jessica asked herself.  There was silence as she thought 
about what to say to him.  She didn't know who he really was, but something in his 
voice, something in his name, something in her heart told her that she could trust him. 
"Lunch.  If you could stop by my office tomorrow, you can tell me what you have to say 
over some lunch."
	"I'll stop by noonish."
	"Ok.  D you know where my office is?"
	"Yes."
	"Ok.  I'll see you tomorrow."
	"Ok. Bye."
	"Bye." Jessica hung up the phone, unsure of what just happened.  Did she just set 
up a date with a complete stranger for lunch tomorrow?  

	Alexandra waited by the phone for her father to call. The past three nights he had 
called mid-afternoon because of the time change.  He had promised that he would call her 
every night to sing her to sleep.  Or, at least the memory of him calling her to fall asleep 
to.  But he never called her. And Alexandra hadn't forgotten about his promise to her.  
She sat next to the hall table, looking up at the phone.  If it rang, she would jump up and 
be the first to answer, and only assumed that it was her father.  But each call proved to be 
a disappointment for her.  Francie tried to distract the young girl for over two hours with 
games and other activities.  But Alexandra wouldn't pay attention.  She was always 
staring at the phone.  It broke Francie's heart to see her sitting by the phone, silent tears 
falling into her lap, as Alexandra quietly wept.  Francie had to struggle to get Alexandra 
to change into her pajamas.  She was finally changed when Francie had promised to let 
her stay and wait by the phone for a little bit longer.
	"Alexandra, I need you to go to bed now."  Francie kneeled to get eye level.  She 
put her hand gently on Alexandra's shoulder.
	"He never called Aunt Francie."  She said, looking up at the older woman.


	"I know honey."  Alexandra just proceeded to cry harder.    "I know."  
	Francie caught Joe's eye, and signaled him over to where they were sitting on the 
floor.  He didn't need words.  He saw his wife's request in her eyes.  He picked up 
Alexandra, and carried her down the hall.  Her arms flung around his neck to ease her 
weight.  "Thank you Uncle Joe."  She said, as she was gently laid on the bed.  
	"Goodnight Alexandra."  Francie and Joe called.
"I'll get you to school tomorrow."  Francie promised.  She sat down beside 
Alexandra and tucked her in.  "Sleep tight."
	"Thank you.  Goodnight Aunt Francie."  Alexandra said.  Francie smiled at the 
girl, and turned off the light.  She began to shut the door behind her, when a small voice 
stopped her.  "Aunt Francie?"  
	"What is it sweetie?"
	"If Daddy calls, will you wake me up?"  She begged.
	"Of course."  With a smile, her promise was set in stone.  Francie shut the door 
and went into the living room.  
	"She's pretty upset huh?"  Joe said.
	"Yeah, promise me this."
	"Anything." 
	"If you ever go out of town, and promise to call, call."
	"Why?"
	"Because watching Alexandra get all upset about Mike not calling, reminded me 
of the day that Sydney never called.  Mike was about that upset, more so, and he could 
show it.  And Syd never came home that time."
	Joe pulled his wife into a warm embrace.  "I promise."
	Francie had long since been in bed when she heard the phone ring.  "My god 
Mike!  Now?"  She whined as she leaned over to answer the phone. "Hello?"  She weakly 
said.
	"I know it is really late Francie, but last night I was busy all night.  I called when I 
first got up."  Vaughn's voice said.
	"Do you realize how late it is?" 
	"One?"


	"Bingo.  What time is it there?"
	"Nine."
	"You're just getting up now?"
	"No," Vaughn admitted, "But I had some really important things I could do 
before I could call."
	"Fine."
	"Can you get me Alexandra please?"
	"Yeah."  Francie struggled to get out of bed.  "She was waiting by the phone since 
five.  When I finally got her to bed, she was pretty upset.  It's not like you.  It's like the 
Mike I knew when Sydney died."
	"She didn't die.  I'm going to have lunch with her today."
	Francie stopped dead in her tracks.  "You saw her."
	"No, but I talked to her on the phone."
	"That is really great.  Hold on a sec."
	From Vaughn's end, he could hear the sound of sheets moving, as Francie woke 
Alexandra up.  "Daddy?"
	"Hey Angel.  Are  you sleeping ok?"
	"Yeah.  You never called yesterday."
	"I know.  I'm so sorry."
	"When are you coming home Daddy."
	"At least two more days."
	Alexandra was about to cry.  "That is what you said yesterday."
	"That is what I thought yesterday."
	"Daddy, if you don't come home soon, even Granny will beat you here."
	"Oh, that is right, she's coming soon."
	"Yeah."
	"How about this, if I am forced to stay here and am not able to come back before 
Granny comes home, you and Granny can stay at our house."
	"What?   You're not going to come home?"
	"No!  I will come home.  But you got to understand Alexandra; I have to be here 
for a little longer."


	"Ok Daddy."
	"Guess what time it is?"
	"What?"
	"Time for me to sing." 
	Although he couldn't see it, Vaughn could feel his daughter smiling as he sang 
their song.  "Be good.  And sleep tight."
	"Ok Daddy.  Come home soon."
	"I promise Angel.  I love you."
	"Love you too."
	"Ok, can you give me to Aunt Francie?"
	"Ok."
	"Your mother is coming soon?"
	"Yeah, next Monday."
	"You will be back by then."
	"Hopefully with Sydney."
	"Right now, you have a daughter who needs you."
	"I'm not doing that again."
	"Good.  Now let me get some sleep."
	"Bye."
	"Bye."
				
	Jessica was up half the night, nervous about lunch the next day.  As she got 
Raquel and Juliana ready for school, she had almost forgotten about the lunch.  She ran 
Raquel to day care, and then took Juliana by the hand, and the two sprinted to her school.
	"Mama?" Juliana said, before she went into her classroom.
	"What is it sweetie?"
	"I don't feel good." 
	Jessica took the back of her head, and put it to her daughter's forehead.  "You 
don't feel hot.  Do you think that you can make it through the day?  There won't be 
anyone to take care of you."
	Juliana shrugged her shoulders.


	"Ok.  Why don't you try to stay here?  If by lunch, you're not feeling better, go 
to the nurse's office and have her call me.  Ok?"
	Juliana nodded.  She gave her mother a hug, and then went into her classroom.
	"Why did I say lunch?  I know she'll want to leave at lunch.  I have that thing 
with that guy at lunch."  Jessica muttered to herself as she walked to her office.  "After 
lunch, it wouldn't be so bad.  I don't teach or anything today."
	"You know, talking to yourself is the first sign of insanity."   Shana Allenson 
entering Jessica's office.
	Jessica smiled looking up at the fellow language teacher.  Shana taught French, 
and English.  "It's also a sign that you're nervous."  Shana then said, switching into a 
language that she knew Jessica was more familiar and comfortable with.  "So, tell me, 
what you nervous about are."
	"I think I have a lunch date with a guy I've never met before."
	"Is he hot?"
	"I have never seen him before."
	"Then why did you agree to do this date."
	"I don't know.  His name felt familiar.  His voice felt familiar."
	"Maybe part of your past?"
	"I don't know."
	"So you're nervous about that."
	"And that Juliana isn't feeling all that great, and I still sent her to school because I 
didn't have anyplace for her to go, and I told her to call me at lunch if she still didn't feel 
well."
	"You double booked your lunch."
	"Yeah."
	"Well, if Juliana calls, I could keep her in my office."
	"Your office?  As in the one you won't let your own kids into because there is so 
much stuff that you're afraid that something will get knocked down and hit them."
	"Ok,ok, ok.  I'll pick her up from school for you and bring her here."
	"Thanks."
	"I got office hours now.  Call me if you need me to do that for you."


	"Thanks Shana."
	Jessica picked up a pen, and a stack of papers and began to grade them.  She had 
barely started the second paper when her office phone rang.
	"Jessica English."
	"Ms. English, your daughter Juliana threw up in class."
	"Is she ok?"
	"She threw up and is running a slight fever." The nurse repeated.
	Jessica looked at her clock.  It was only 10:20.  The Michael guy was coming at 
noon.  "I'll be right over to pick her up."
	"Thank you." Jessica hung up the phone.  She picked up her purse, and left her 
office.
	"Mommy, I tried to make it to lunch, I really did." Juliana cried upon seeing 
her mother.
	"I know sweetie.  There are some things you just can't control."
	"Are we going home?"
	"I'm sorry sweetie, I have to be at my office at least until after lunch.  Then 
we'll see if I can go home."
	"Ok." Jessica made a bed out of their coats on the floor in her office.  Juliana 
immediately went to sleep.  At noon, Jessica heard a soft knock on her door.  Shaking, 
she got up and answered the door.  
	"Are you Michael Vaughn?"  She asked, ushering him into her office.  Her heart 
skipped a beat, or two, or three.  Oh, who was she kidding?  Her heart stopped beating 
until he was no longer looking at her with the intense green eyes that she had only seen in 
one other person.  Juliana.  
	Vaughn was speechless.  He hadn't seen, or talked to Sydney, a.k.a. Jessica 
English in so long.  She didn't look as if she aged.  The only signs of aging on her was 
curled up in a ball on the floor in her office.  Juliana did not go unnoticed to Vaughn.  It 
took him a minute to answer her question. "Y-y-yeah."  He finally stuttered.
	The two sat uneasily looking each other in their office.  "You look familiar."  She 
finally said, studding his face.
	"I-I-I do?"


	"Yeah."  She looked at him some more.  "Did we used to know each other?"
	Vaughn took a deep breath.  "Actually, that is why I'm here."
	"I was right."
	"Yeah.  I don't know how to even start this."
	"You are from the States."
	"Yeah.  Listen, this may be hard for you to hear."
	"Not here."  Jessica said.  
	"What?"
	"My daughter got sick during school today.  What ever you are going to tell me, I 
want to know without her around."  
	"Does she speak English?"
	"No."
	"Then we will only talk in English.  She can't understand us."  Jessica looked at 
Vaughn with much curiosity.  
	"Ok then."  
	Vaughn stood up from his chair and began to pace the room.  "I don't even know 
where to begin. It has taken me six years to find you.  I've driven everyone crazy to find 
you.  I almost forgot about Alexandra when she was little.  God!  I even did that 
yesterday.  She almost had my head.  But look at you Sydney.  You are still as beautiful 
as that day when you left.  I must sound like a babbling idiot."
	"Sydney?  You called me Sydney."
	"Oh my God!  I didn't mean to call you Sydney just yet.  There are so many 
things that should come first."
	"My name is Sydney."
	"Yes."
	"How do you know that?"
	Vaughn sat down in his chair again, and looked Sydney (A/N Jessica is Sydney (if 
you never got that) and from now on is going to be called Sydney) in the eye.  "I am your 
husband."  Sydney didn't say anything.  She just looked at Vaughn bewildered.  Vaughn 
understood, and uneasily sat down in his chair.  He just watched Sydney stare at him.  
"Are you ok?"


	"Hold on, let me get the facts straight."
	"Ok."
"My name is Sydney."
	"Sydney Bristow Vaughn to be exact."
	"I am not Jessica English."
	"No."
	"Why then do I have a name tag from a party of some sort that says Jessica 
English on it?"
	"It's a complicated story, best to cover on a different day."
	"Ok.  And we're married."
	"Yes."  Suddenly Sydney burst out laughing.  "What is so funny?"  Vaughn 
asked.
	"This!  Everything!  What you just told me!"
	"But it is all true."
	"It's been six years, why didn't you come sooner?"
	"We couldn't find you."
	"Couldn't find me?"
	"Yes."
	Sydney began to laugh again.  "This is funny."
	"What can I do to make you believe me?"
	"Provide me with proof."
	"I can't right now."
	"That is what I figured."
	"I'm sorry."
	"I know you can't provide hard evidence, but I believe that I knew you."  Sydney 
said.  
	"How so?"
	"When you walked into my office, there was immediately something familiar 
about you.  My heart skipped a beat.  And if there is one thing I have learned over six 
years of not knowing my past, is that the heart never forgets."
	"The heart never forgets."  Vaughn quietly repeated to himself.


	"This is a lot to take in.  And I'm not sure I believe it all."
	"I'm sure of it."
	There was a grumble from the room.  Vaughn looked embarrassed as he realized 
how hungry he was.  "Sorry, I didn't realize how long ago breakfast was.  Would you like 
to go to the cafeteria with me and get some lunch?"
	"I'd love to, but"
	"I understand.  I'll go and get something for us."	
	"Thank you."  Sydney reached for her purse to give him some money.
	"No, today lunch is on me."
	"Thank you.  Let me write down what I'd like."
	"Do mind if I could see if I still know what you like?"  Vaughn hoped he still 
knew Sydney's favorite foods.  "Maybe you might believe that we were married."
	Sydney smiled at the thought.  "Sure, but knowing what I like to eat, doesn't 
prove we were married, just that you knew me really well."  She propped her head up on 
her fist, as she leaned back in her chair.  That was a lot of information to take in.  She 
wasn't Jessica English anymore.  She was Sydney Vaughn.  But she had to admit that she 
liked the name Sydney Vaughn so much better.  She looked at Juliana, and pushed some 
of her hairs behind her daughter's ear.  
	Juliana stirred, at the jester of love her mother had done.  "Mama?"
	"Yes?"
	"Can you get me some water?"
	"Ok.  I'll be right back.  I don't want you to go anywhere."
	"I won't"
	"I'll be right back."
	Sydney picked up a mug, and went into the hallway to the water fountain.  She 
looked up into the metal backing, and looked at her distorted reflection.  The reflection of 
Sydney Vaughn, not Jessica English.  When the cup was filled she went into her office 
where she saw Juliana playing on her computer.
	"Feeling better?"
	"No."
	"Not sleepy anymore?"


	"No."
	"Ok, well, here's your water."
	"Thank you." Juliana took the mug with two hands and sipped the water.
	"Sydney, I got the food."  Vaughn said when he came into the office again.  He 
saw mother and daughter sitting playing a computer solitaire game.
	"Who are you?" Juliana asked.
	"Juliana, say hello to my friend, Michael Vaughn."  
	"Hello." She said.
	"Friend Sydney?"  Vaughn said.
	"Not yet.  It is hard for me to process right now.  Can't imagine if she found out 
now.  Besides, I just know that I knew you once."
	"Ok."
	"What did you say Mommy?"
	"Not now."
	"Please?"
	"No.  What I needed to say to Mr. Vaughn, I didn't want you to hear."
	"Why?"
	"Because it was grown up talk."
	"Oh."
	"Why don't you go put in a movie?" Sydney said.  Juliana thought on it for a 
minute, and then jumped (unenthusiastically, but still jumped) off her mother's lap, and 
walked to the TV and put one of the two movies that lived in the office on.  While 
singing dishes played out in front of Juliana, Sydney and Vaughn had a chance to talk.
	"I got you a chicken salad."
	"How did you know it was my favorite?
	"It used to be your favorite."
	"Still is."  They didn't say much as they ate.  The two just looked at each other 
intently.
	"She looks just like Alexandra." Vaughn commented, looking at Juliana.
	"Who is Alexandra?"
	"Our daughter."  He said.


	"I was right."
	"Excuse me?"
	"Yesterday I had this memory, my first in years, and there was a little girl in it, 
and I assumed that she was my daughter.  Do you have any pictures of her?"
	"Yeah."  Vaughn pulled his wallet out, and pulled out two pictures from where he 
kept his bills.  He looked at them with love, and then handed them to Sydney.
	Sydney took the first one, and smiled.  She looked at Alexandra's soccer picture, 
and lingered at the sight. "They do look alike."  She said.  
	"Yeah, they really do."
	Sydney then put the other picture on top, and her smile faded for a minute.  It was 
of her, and Vaughn, and a young Alexandra.  She didn't say anything as she looked at the 
picture.  "When was this taken?"
	"Two days before you disappeared."
	Sydney continued to look at the photo.  "It's starting to feel real.  I'm starting to 
believe you."
	"Real?"
	"Yeah, well, you know, when you first came in, I wasn't sure I could believe 
you."  She handed the photo back to Vaughn, who put them both into his wallet.
	"Pictures can be faked."
	"But the heart never forgets."
	"You keep saying that."
	"I have three memories that take place before six years ago.  One sitting on the 
couch talking to someone probably my best friend, one meeting someone in a warehouse 
someone, and the last of Alexandra.  And if there is one thing I have learned, it takes 
something powerful for me to remember, and all of those memories obviously aren't 
memories of the head, but memories of the heart, because the heart never forgets."
	"The person you were talking to was probably Francie, your best friend since 
college, or Will, your other best friend from high school.  The person you were meeting 
at the warehouse was me.  Unless there was someone else you were meeting at a 
warehouse."
	"Why did we meet at a warehouse?"


	"Ties into the whole Jessica English thing."
	Juliana looked up at her mother's name.  But when Sydney and Vaughn noticed 
that she was looking, the conversation stopped.  Juliana looked irritated that her mother 
was hiding information from her, but turned back to her movie.  "Just how complicated 
was my life?"
	"Worse than a corn maze a mile high, and five miles wide and ten miles tall."
	"That is really complicated.  
"But after we got married, it gets a whole lot simpler."
	"Tell me."
	"I'd love to but"
	"But what?"
	"It will take a while, and I have to get back to my crew before then."
	"Crew?"
	"Its-"
	"Complicated?  That is what I figured."
	"Syd?"
	"It's ok, really."
	"I'd ask you to dinner tomorrow, but I am being pushed by a number of people to 
go home tomorrow.  One of which is Alexandra.  How about dinner tonight?"
	Sydney was flabbergasted.  "Uh sure?"
	"Ok, I'll pick you up at six."
	"Um, six thirty is better for me."
	"I wouldn't miss it for the world."
	Sydney smiled, as Vaughn left the office.
	"Mommy, who was that man?"  Juliana asked.
	"Someone I'll introduce to you more formally later." Juliana was still not 
satisfied with that answer, but she knew that was as far as she was going to get.  That 
night, over dinner, Vaughn told Sydney her story.  Every turn, every twist that he knew 
of.  Sydney just sat back in her chair, eating, and trying to believe everything.   Vaughn 
spent almost twenty minutes trying to convince her that she was once CIA.  He even had 
to call Weiss and have him convince her.  Sydney was shocked when she learned that the 


same Weiss she was talking to was the same Weiss that she had allowed into her 
classroom as a future teacher.  She was even more shocked when she learned why he was 
really in her classroom.  Three hours later, Sydney was confused by her own life, but 
understood that it was all true.
	"I know I'm going back to LA tomorrow, but I want you to come with me."  
Vaughn said, as he drove Sydney home.
	"TOMORROW?!?!  YOU WANT ME TO PACK UP EVERYTHING I KNOW 
IS TRUE, AND LEAVE WITH YOU TOMORROW!  NO!"
	"I know.  It's sudden but"
	"No buts, I'm not going."
	"I understand."  Michael stopped the car.  They both looked up at the apartment 
building.
	"Michael, this is very new to me.  In two days, I remember that I have a husband 
and a daughter, and then meet my husband, and learn about my past self, and discover 
that my name is Sydney Bristow-Vaughn.  Excuse me for wanting to do everything else 
in baby steps."
	"Actually, I understand.  I didn't think that you would actually come."
	"I'm glad."
	"Maybe in a couple of weeks, Alexandra and I could come out here."
	"I don't know."
	"Its baby steps.  I know Will and Francie well enough to know that the minute 
you get home, they will swarm you.  Your father would give you distance for a while, but 
eventually would cave.  This way, you are only meeting Alexandra, so if you do decide to 
come to LA, there will be more familiar faces."	
	"Maybe."
	"Either way, I will call you."
	"Ok.  Thanks Michael, for lunch, for dinner, for everything."
	"You're welcome Syd."  Sydney smiled at Vaughn, and then got out of the car 
and went into the apartment.
				


	"Who was your date?" Rosa immediately asked.   Sydney had barely stepped 
into the apartment, and already Rosa was questioning her.
	"Why?" Sydney was reluctant to share all of the details.
	"Please, you are killing your best friend here."
	"Just someone."
	"He's not just someone, he is someone you really like."  Rosa could see 
through Sydney.  She could see that he made her happy.  Sydney paused before she hung  
up her coat to think.  She smiled as she realized how right Rosa was.
	"Yeah.  I felt like I knew him before, and it turns out I did.  And I remembered 
why I like him so much."
	"See, you really like him."
	"There was this immediate attraction, and I couldn't explain it.  Aside from the 
fact of how handsome he is, there was something more than a physical attraction."
	"Are you ever going to tell me how you knew him?"
	"Maybe."
	"Please?"
	"Maybe."
	"Why not now?"
	"Because there are other things I need to work out first."
	"What is that supposed to mean?"
	"It means that I am going to eat some ice cream, and watch something on tv."
	"Was the date that bad?"
	"Oh no, the date was," Sydney didn't know how to react to the date.  She 
enjoyed the food, and walking through the plaza a lot, but she wasn't sure how well she 
liked what she was told.  She liked that she knew her past, but it was so out there, that if 
she didn't know better, she would have thought that Vaughn had made it all up.  A CIA 
agent?  Her?  A double agent? No way.  An English literature teacher, well, that wasn't 
so far fetched.  Married?  She knew, but to someone so handsome, that was great.  
Sydney thought for a minute on how to describe her evening.  "The date was, well, the 
food was really good, and it was nice to walk through the plaza just talking."
	"But"


	"No buts."
	"There has to be a but.  Like despite how much you like him, there is still a part 
of you that thinks he's a creep?"
	"I said there were no buts."
	"So did you at least have a good time."
	"Yeah, I guess." Sydney picked up the now prepared bowl of ice cream and 
walked to the couch, and sat on it.  Rosa knew that was the point that she was to stop 
talking.  She sat down on the opposite end, and watched the late night comedies that were 
on with Sydney.  Sydney finished her bowl of ice cream, and stared into it for long 
minutes.
	"You know, staring at an empty bowl won't fill it." Rosa joked.
	"I know." Sydney looked back up at the TV.  She was unusually quiet, as joke 
after joke was used.  While Rosa was laughing so hard she was crying, Sydney sat there, 
unwavering.  "My name is Sydney Bristow Vaughn." She quietly said, as Rosa calmed 
down from a good laugh.
	"What did you say?" The smile still there.
	"He told me my name was Sydney Bristow Vaughn." Rosa's smile quickly 
faded.  She picked up the remote so that she could have a serous talk with her friend.
	"Sydney?"
	"Yeah."
	"And you believe him."
	"Yes.  I do.  He had pictures, and everything.  There was no reason to not trust 
him.  My heart remembered that I knew him, it was my head that forgot."
	"Sydney Bristow Vaughn.  That is a cool name."
	"Bristow was my maiden name he said."
	"That was your husband."
	"Yeah."
	"Why didn't you tell me this earlier?"
	"I don't know.  This life here is all that I know.  Then in two days, everything 
changes.  I don't know how much I can take."


	"I'm still here."  Sydney looked over at Rosa and smiled.  "So, I assume he 
told you about your past life."
	"He did.  Do you want to hear about it?"
	"Of corse!"
	"Ok, bear with me, I only found this out today, and there are a lot of details 
missing, but this is what I remember from tonight.  Lets see, my mother died when I was 
young, my father was often away for business, so I was basically raised by a nanny.  I 
went to college wanting to be an English Literature teacher.  It took me almost 11 years, 
but apparently I became one.  I was recruited by some secret alliance to do spy missions.  
I was engaged to a man named Danny.  Told him about being a spy-"
	"Wait!  You were a spy?"  
	"Yeah, and apparently that is how I got here, and with the name Jessica English.  
Michael wouldn't tell me any more than that for now."
	"That is so cool."
	"I guess, things just got complicated."
	"How so?"
	"Well, when that spy place I worked for, SE-7 I think it was, no that's not it, SD-
6, that's it, found out that Danny knew, they killed him.  I ended up turning on them, and 
worked for the CIA to take them down.  That is where I met Michael.  It was really 
complicated.  Something about my dad really being CIA, my mother not being dead.  
Anyway, Michael skipped over that part, the details.  But he and I met in secret to discuss 
work stuff, and apparently we loved each other then, but couldn't do anything about it."
	"Ohhh a secret love affair."
	"Kinda, he kept emphasizing that we never acting on our feelings.  SD-6 was 
destroyed, we hooked up.  Got married, had one daughter.  Alexandra.  I began working 
for the college there, while doing an occasional mission for the CIA.   Was doing one for 
them when I ended up here.  The rest of the story you know."
	"Except for one variable."
	"What?" Rosa stared at Sydney.  "Oh, Juliana?  Well, she's definitely his.  
The same vivid green eyes.  He showed me a picture of Alexandra, and they look so 
alike."


	"Wow.  That is a lot for you to take in."
	"He even asked me and Juliana to go back with him tomorrow, I turned him 
down."
	"Good for you.  It would be too early.  You just re-met the guy today.  And he's 
already asking you to go away."
	"Thanks, I needed someone to tell me I did the smart thing."
	"You did."
	"Now comes the hard part."
	"What part?"
	"The part where I decide what to do about all this."
	"Oh, that part."
	"Yeah. I really need some advice right now."
	"My advice?"
	"No, the person's behind you.  Of course yours."
	"Let me start by saying that I have no idea what you're going through.  I've 
never had my whole life erased, have to make a new one, then have someone and tell you 
that your new life is wrong.  So, I'm going to go with the whole you like Michael 
thing."
	"Right now, any advice I will gladly take."
	"Call him."
	"That's it?  That is your advice?"
	"What, I told you I didn't know what to say."
	"I would, but tomorrow he and everyone else is going back to Los Angeles."
	"You are from Los Angeles?  As in America?"
	"Apparently."
	"Are you going to call him?"
	"Now?!?!"
	"Well yeah, I gave you advice, and now you should act on it."
	"He has to get ready to leave." There was a cry from Raquel's bedroom. With 
Luis working the night shift, it was just her and Rosa.  Rosa stood up to go tend to her 
daughter.  She paused at the door.


	"Jessica, sorry, Sydney, I don't know what else to say.  But you need to trust 
your heart.  Do what your heart tells you, not what your head tell you to." Rosa left 
Sydney all alone to her thoughts.
				
Alexandra wouldn't stop talking from excitement as Francie drove her to the 
airport to pick up her father.  After four days, Alexandra really missed her father.  Francie 
decided that it was a good idea for Alexandra to surprise him by being at the airport.  She 
even took Alexandra out of school for the afternoon.  Alexandra held Francie's hand tight 
as the two waited for Vaughn at the baggage claim.  Calvin was in Francie's other arm.  
After twenty minutes, he had begun to get squirmy waiting.  Francie was forced to put 
him down, but kept his hand tight, and wouldn't let him venture far.  Instead, she was 
forced to spin as he ran around her, so that her arms wouldn't get tangled up.  Alexandra, 
although obviously annoyed by it, tolerated the spinning.  "Are you sure he is going to 
come here Aunt Francie?"  Alexandra asked.  For the fourth time in twenty minutes, 
Alexandra had ventured away from Francie to peer around the corner for her father.  Each 
time she would come back, and say nothing as she grabbed Francie's hand again. 
"Yeah, it's just that his plane was a couple of minutes late, and it takes them a 
while to get here when he's flying from over seas."
"Oh."  As another wave of people came, Alexandra watched the corner carefully, 
and then, "DADDY!"  She screamed.  She let go of Francie's hand and ran over to where 
her father was coming.  
Vaughn smiled, and scooped up Alexandra.  "Hey there Angel.  I missed you so 
much."  With her in his arms, he walked over to where Francie was, slowly, as to get 
more time alone with his oldest daughter.
"I missed you more!"
"I don't think so."  Vaughn played.
"I'm glad you're home, and then Grammy comes in two days."
"I know."
"Were you surprised Daddy?"
"What?"
"You knew?"  Alexandra's face fell.


Vaughn smiled, and then did his notorious nose tapping.  "Angel, I didn't know a 
thing.  I am so glad that you are here."
"Aunt Francie even let me come here instead of school."
	"That is what I figured."
	"Yup.  And Calvin, he's here too."
	"I can see that."  Vaughn said, stopping at where Francie was trying to get Calvin 
down from where he was climbing on the carousel.  Kicking and screaming, she picked 
him up and forcefully held him.
	"How was your trip Mike?"  Francie asked.
	"Good.  Thanks for watching Alexandra for me."
	"Sure, we had fun."
	"Daddy!  Look, there goes your bag!"  Alexandra said, as suitcase after suitcase 
spun around them.
	"There isn't a lot in there.  I think you can get it.  Do you want to, or should I 
wait?"
	"I'll go get it!"  She said, dodging the people on her quest for the suitcase.
	"Did you talk to her?"  Francie asked Vaughn.  She knew that Calvin didn't know 
who they were talking about, so she didn't have to worry.
	"Yeah, and there were some surprises up both of our sleeves."
	"Oh, I'm sorry Mike.  I wondered if she had re-married."
	"Re-married?  God no, something else."
	"What else is there?"
	"She was apparently pregnant when she left.  Neither of us knew, but guess who 
was waiting for me, kinda. She didn't know who I was, and she wasn't waiting for her 
father, but she was sick and in her office when I stopped by."
	"Another daughter?"
	"Yeah, but you can't tell Alexandra anything.  And I'll tell you more after I tell 
Alexandra.  She deserves to know first."
	"I wouldn't dream of it any other way."  There was a silence, as Alexandra came 
back, struggling from the weight of what was heavier than anticipated duffel bag.  


Francie noticed the absence of the other agents.  "Where is everyone else?"  She 
questioned.
	"They had to stick around a little longer.  We had two objectives.  They're 
making a replica of something.  Since I wasn't part of that team, I got to go home before 
they did."
	"Ah."  
	"Daddy, I want to show you something I made at Sunday school." Alexandra said, 
holding her father's hand, as they walked to the car.
	"You went to Sunday school?"
	"We always go to church, and we couldn't leave her behind."
	"That's ok."
	"But it is at Aunt Francie's house."
	"We have to stop by there anyway."  Vaughn got in the passenger's seat, as 
Francie attempted to put Calvin into his child's seat.
	"Guess what Daddy!"
	"What?"
	"Aunt Francie gave me my birthday present early."
	"Your birthday isn't for another month."
	"It's a really pretty dress."
	"She didn't have anything nice enough for church."  France explained.
	"I had forgotten that you guys went to church.  I would have packed a nicer dress 
for you."
	"It is ok, it brightened her weekend."
	When they pulled into Francie's drive way, Alexandra jumped out, and ran inside.  
Vaughn went following after her.  He barely got to the living room, before he found 
Alexandra coming through the hall, with her little suitcase following.  "I'm ready to go 
home now Daddy."  She said.
	"That I can see."  Vaughn turned to Francie.  "Thanks so much for taking her tthis 
weekend again. I really appreciate it."
	"It was no problem.  We had fun."
	"We did.  Now can we go!?!?"  Alexandra said, standing by the door.


	"Yes."
	"Will, Mia, and the twins are coming tonight for dinner, you are now officially 
invited."  Francie invited.
	"Depends on how well she takes the news."  Vaughn said, lowering his voice.
	"I understand."
	"I'll call you if we can't make it."
	"Ok."  
	Alexandra had had enough waiting.  She grabbed her father's arm, and dragged 
him unwillingly out the door.   As Vaughn pulled up to the house, Alexandra looked at it 
excitingly.  Vaughn pulled into the driveway, and before he had the chance to unbuckle 
his seat belt, Alexandra had jumped out and ran for the front door.  "It's locked!"  She 
shouted.
	"I know!  I locked it before we left."  Vaughn went to the back of the car, and 
pulled out Alexandra's suitcase, and his duffle bag.  Alexandra just stood by the door 
waiting impatiently.  Vaughn saw her standing there, and decided to play a little game 
with her.  He walked up the side walk as if he was going into the house, but when it came 
time to turn to the door, he kept walking.   He could hear the playful shouts of Alexandra 
yelling at him to come back as he walked around the entire house.  When he reached the 
front door Alexandra was mad, in an excited way.  She giggled as he finally opened the 
door.  "Excited to be home?"  He said, as she went running around the living room once.
	"Yep."  Alexandra ran and took her suitcase from her father.  "Can I show you 
what I made now?"  She said.
	"No."
	"Why not?"
	"I'm only kidding.  Show me."
	Alexandra opened her suitcase and began to throw her clothing around.  Vaughn 
noticed a dress that he had never seen before.  "Alexandra, honey, is this the dress Aunt 
Francie gave you?"
	"Yep."  She continued to throw her things around.  "Here it is!" She shouted.  She 
ran over and handed him the little ornament that she made.  Vaughn looked at the delicate 
angel in his hand. 
50

	"What is this Angel?"
	"It's Mommy."
	"I can see that."
	"Because she's an angel in heaven."  Vaughn looked at the picture that she had 
chosen.  
	"Come here Angel.  I need to talk to you about that."  Vaughn sat down on the 
couch, and patted his knee to get Alexandra to come over and sit with him. Curious, she 
did.  "Who told you Mommy was an angel?"
	"No one.  I kinda guessed it."
	"Mommy isn't an angel."
	"What?"  Her voice raised.
	"Mommy got lost when you were two.  She couldn't find her way home, and she 
didn't know who she was, or anyone else for that matter."
	"Mommy isn't dead?"
	"No, she isn't.  That is where I was this weekend.  Someone had said they had 
found someone named Jessica English in Barcelona, Spain, and we thought it was 
Mommy.  It was."
	"But you said Mommy's name was Sydney Vaughn."
	"It is.  Remember how I said that she didn't know who she was?"  Alexandra 
nodded.  "Well, because she didn't know her name was Sydney, she made up a name."
	"Is she coming home?"
	"Not yet.  We may go to see her first."  Vaughn didn't know how his daughter 
would take the news.  There were times where she would act like Sydney, and just break 
down in tears, and then there were times where she'd still act like Sydney, and put on her 
thick skin, and mask it, and then there were times where he didn't know where she was 
coming from.  Her mother not dead, a sister she never knew.  Her own mother did not 
take the news that Irina wasn't dead well at all.  But then, Sydney's emotions were a lot 
more complex than Alexandra's.  Irina Derevko wasn't exactly the nicest person.  His 
own father was killed by her wrath.  And on their first meeting, Sydney was promptly 
shot in the arm, and told that she would have been better off dead at birth.  Still, within 
Alexandra, there was so much of Sydney in her.  The fiery temper, the cool beauty, the 


charming personality.  Within the time it took Alexandra to react to everything Vaughn 
had said, her face had changed as everything sunk in.  At first it reflected her confusion, 
then excitement, anger as the lie came out, and now, he couldn't read her.  
	"Let's go!"  
	Vaughn smiled.  He was glad to see his daughter taking the news so well.  He was 
afraid that she wouldn't take it well at all.  "Now?  But I thought you were happy to be 
home?"
	"I am, but I want to see Mommy."
	Vaughn was a little startled.  "Angel, do you know where Spain is?"
	Alexandra shook her head.  "No."  
	Vaughn took Alexandra by the hand, and led her to the globe that sat in the study.  
"Do you know where we live?"  Alexandra smiled, and pointed to California.  "Spain is 
all the way over here."  Vaughn let his daughter trace the route across the Atlantic Ocean 
until it stopped on Spain.
	"All the way over there?"
	"Yeah."
	"That is a long way."
	"It is.  See why we can't go now.  Maybe in a couple weeks.  You have a day off 
from school coming up after Grammy goes home.  Maybe we'll go then."
	"Ok."  He and Alexandra walked back to the living room.
	"Good.  Now come here, there is more I need to tell you."
	"What."
	"When your Mom disappeared, neither of us realized that she was pregnant.  You 
have a little sister."
	"I do?!?!"  
	"Yep, her name is Juliana."
	"That is so cool!"
	"I'm glad that you're excited about that."
	"I've always wanted a little sister."
	"You now have one.  She's five, and only speaks Spanish."
	"Spanish?  I don't know Spanish."  Alexandra's face fell.


	"I know.  But if you'd like, I could teach you Spanish before we go."
	"Yeah."
	"You will only learn a little bit, but you'll hopefully learn enough that you can tell 
her hi."
	"What is hi?"
	"Hello in Spanish is Hola."
	"Hola."
	"Yep."
	"Hola."  Alexandra repeated to herself.
	"I'll teach you more later.  I got to go do some things, like unpack, and make a 
lesson plan for tomorrow, and make sure that the sub doesn't show up.  I want you to 
clean up this mess.  Put it all in your room, and then you can play."
	"Ok Daddy."
	"Do you have any homework?"
	"A little."
	"Ok, I want you to do it before dinner."
	"I will."
	"Do you want to go to Aunt Francie's for dinner tonight? Uncle Will, Mia, Allie 
and Leigh are all going to be there."
	"Yeah."  Mike smiled, and went into his bedroom, and threw his bag on the floor.  
That sort of thing used to bother Sydney.  She never liked it when he would come home 
from a trip, and leave his bag on the floor.  It always had to be unpacked right then.  But 
over the past six years, that habit had been dropped. He stared at the bag, and decided 
now that he knew where Sydney was, he better get back into that habit.  He unpacked and 
then went into the study to do work.  "When they move back, this or the play room will 
have to go." He told himself as he sat down in the chair.
	Francie wasn't surprised when they showed up for dinner.  She was actually 
expecting them to show up.  Alexandra wasn't the kind of girl to take things too 
seriously, or blow things out of proportion.  After dinner, when the kids were all playing 
together, the grown ups had time to talk.  Mia and Joe had never met Sydney, so they 


weren't really part of it, but they listened intently, seeing as their respective spouses 
talked about her a lot, and after all, Leigh was even named after her.
	"She's ok?"  Will checked.  The news came as a large shock.  He was told that 
Sydney was missing.  Now, he was just told that she wasn't only alive, but thriving  in a 
place away from them.  She was his best friend.  They had been friends since high school.  
You don't just forget friends like that.  At least, that was the way that Will felt.  He didn't 
know weather to be relieved, or upset.  Vaughn and Francie both knew that she was alive.  
He was only told that she was missing.  Missing could mean anything.  Missing could 
mean dead.  Missing could mean alive.  Missing could mean captured.  Sydney could 
have been captured, tortured, and then killed.  Missing could mean that too.  His scissors 
were often missing from his desk.  But no.  In this case missing was living.  Living in an 
upper class apartment with some other people, thriving.  And all this time, Francie and 
Vaughn knew she was alive.  True, they didn't know where she was, but they still knew 
that she was alive.  Even though, the steam rose, Will remained calm.
	"Yeah, living in Barcelona, teaching English at the college."
	"Language, or like English Lit?"  Joe asked.  This whole Sydney thing was new 
territory for him.  He didn't know too too much about her.  Mostly the little things that 
made his wife and her such good friends.  But he didn't know what her interests were. He 
didn't even know how to react to finding out that Vaughn had reunited with her.
	"Language."
	"And what about this other daughter?"  Francie said.
	"Whoa, back up. What's this other daughter business?"  Will said.
	"When Syd disappeared, we were trying for another kid.  We didn't realize that 
she was pregnant as she left.  So to my surprise I get there and discover, I have a five year 
old that I never knew."
	"Name?"  Will demanded.
	"Juliana."
	"Ohh I like that.  It sounds all Spanish like."  Mia said.
	"I mean that is the only language that she speaks, so Spanish like makes sense."
	"How did Alexandra take the news?" Will asked.


	"Surprisingly well.  I thought she'd be at least a little upset that I never told her 
that her mother was alive, but it didn't faze her.  She wanted to fly to Barcelona right then 
to visit her."
	"She is as tough as her mother."  Will said.  There was an uneasy silence that 
filled the room.
	"So, your mother comes tomorrow."  Francie said, she felt the subject needed to 
be changed.
	"Yeah.  Her plane gets in nice and late, so I don't have to leave school or 
anything.  And she's getting here on her own."
	"Have you told her about Sydney?"  Will pried.
	"Are you kidding?  I just got back this afternoon."
	"Are you going to tell her?"
	"Eventually."  A tired wail rang from down the hall.  It was followed by the 
giggling of girls.  There was a clunk, and the wailing stopped.  The adults all had a pretty 
good feeling of what had just happened.  Francie glanced down at her watch. 
	"Excuse me.  I have to get Calvin to bed."  Francie stood up, and quickly walked 
down the hall to rescue her son from his own sleepyness.
	"Yeah, I should probably also be heading home.  Alexandra has school 
tomorrow."  Vaughn stood up.  "And I have to return to work as well.  The party was 
breaking up.  Alexandra, Ally, and Leigh were all disappointed to leave each other.  In 
their own temporarily care free world, princesses ruled the kingdom, and they were the 
ones that defeated the angry dragons, and saved the villagers.  They couldn't go, and 
leave their people to the wrath of the fire breathing dragon.  But eventually, the three 
friends departed, with promises of a play date the next day after school, leaving Joe, 
Francie, and Calvin at their house. Vaughn had no problems getting his angel to bed that 
night.  It had been a busy day, and she was back in her own, familiar bed.  Throughout 
Vaughn's song, her eyes slowly fell, as the eyelids got heavier and heavier.  After 
Vaughn sung his daughter to sleep that night, he heard the melodic voice of his angel. 
	"Daddy?  Tomorrow can we go see Mommy and my sister?" She asked.
	"Nope.  Soon though.  I promise.  But for now Grammy is going to come.  You 
can't tell her about Mommy and Juliana yet.  It will be our secret."


	"Ok."
	"Night Angel."
	"Night Daddy."  Alexandra rolled onto her side and shut her eyes.  Vaughn went 
into his study, and turned on his computer.  While it booted up, he busied himself with 
checking his lesson plans, and other little things.  When he opened his email, he saw that 
there was more than his fair share of notes for him.  
	"I was only gone five days!"  He exclaimed, as he tried to weed through the fifty 
some messages for spam.  "54 messages, and my spam guard caught every bit of spam." 
He said.  Figuring he would start at the beginning, he began reading through each 
message.  Many were from students asking for help on homework that the sub did not do 
a good job explaining.  A few from his co-workers, checking on him to see if he was 
alright.  There was a handful of jokes from Weiss who subscribed to the daily joke mail, 
and then always forwarded it to Vaughn.  But there was a good number of legitimate 
emails.  One of them stuck out as something that he got that morning.  He smiled as he 
opened the lengthy email from someone at jenglish.  There was no doubt in his mind on 
who that was.
		Michael,
I don't know how to thank you.  There was this gap in my life.  I only 
knew six years.  I had no idea how old I was.  What my background was, I 
didn't even know if Jessica English was my real name.  And then, my life 
changed the minute you strolled into my office.  I didn't know how I knew 
you, but I knew that I knew you.  The heart never forgets.  Well, you knew 
that.  Suddenly, there was someone standing in front of me that knew 
everything about me.  You know more about me, than I know about me.  
You suddenly gave me a history.

I haven't told Juliana yet about you, or Alexandra.  I plan to tell her soon.  
She won't take the news well.  Juliana has this innocence that disappears 
at the first sign of news.  Good news, she becomes too excited to be 
innocent.  Bad news, and she becomes quiet and withdrawn.  Once I tell 
her, I will call you so we can begin to make plans for you and Alexandra 


to come to Barcelona.  Of the two options you gave me last night that was 
the one that sounded most appealing.  I don't know how I could handle 
meeting so many people at once.  Or in my case, re-meeting them.  

I would have called you, but I figured your plane hadn't left yet, and I 
needed to tell you what I was thinking right then.  With the prospect of 
another meeting, I end.  
			~Sydney
	Vaughn couldn't believe what he was reading.  He and Alexandra had a formal 
invite to Barcelona, and Alexandra wasn't mad at him for hiding the truth.  As he pulled 
the covers over his head before his dreams came to life, Vaughn could only think of one 
thing.  His life, after six years, was finally getting back on track.
				
	Juliana pranced around the apartment in some of her mother's old clothing for 
Rosa.  Sydney still had to go to work, des
Despite Juliana was sick. Rosa was able to stay home.  After resting the day 
before, and that morning, Juliana was feeling better, and was up and playing.  Giggling, 
she jumped onto the couch.  "Juli, don't jump on the couch." Rosa said, scooping up 
the little girl and helping her back onto the firm floor.  Juliana smiled, and then went 
running around again.   
	"When is my Mommy supposed to be home?"
	"Soon.  You know that."
	"When is Tio Luis come home?"
	"After your mother."
	"When is Raquel coming home?" 
	"With your mother."
	"Will you play dolls with me?" Juliana ran and got two dolls from her room 
before Rosa could even answer the little girl's request.   Juliana handed a doll to Rosa, 
who took it.
	"Juliana, you actually need to take a nap first."
	"Why?"


	"Because, you were sick this morning, and when you're sick, you have to take 
more naps."
	"Not tired." With that, Juliana took off running.    After much convincing, Rosa 
was able to get Juliana to at least play quietly in her room.  
	Sydney came home, and was surprised to come back to a quiet house.  She put her 
bag down and found Rosa bent over work at the table.  Rosa had run upstairs to play with 
her toys that she had spent the bus drive home talking about.  "How did you get her to 
go to sleep?" Sydney inquired.
	"She's just quietly playing."
	"I'm going to go talk to her." Sydney quietly ascended the stairs, to the upper 
part of the apartment.  Quietly playing with Raquel, the two had their dolls, lying in the 
doll house, as the two prepared play food for their dolls to eat.  Upon seeing her mother 
standing at the door, Juliana smiled brightly, and jumped up and hugged her mother.
	"Hola Mama!"  She said.  "Come play!" 
	"Juli, I need to talk to you for a minute before I can play.  Come on." Sydney 
scooped up her little girl and carried her to the bed room.  "Juliana, do you remember 
the man that came to my office yesterday?"
	"Yes."
	"You know how Mommy doesn't remember anything before you were born."
	"You still don't."
	"You're right.  I still don't remember things very well.  Juli, that man was from 
my past.  He was from before you were born."
	"Ok."
	"Juliana, I want you to be serous now." Juliana's attention had wavered, and 
she no longer sat on her mother's lap.  She saw the jewelry on her mother's dresser, and 
began to play with it.  Upon her mother's snap, Juliana put down the necklace and walked 
back to her mother's lap.  "Juliana, how would you like to go to America?"
	"For a vacation?"
	"Maybe, but maybe to live there one day.  I don't know when."
	"Will Tia, and Tio, and Raquel come too?"
	"I don't think so sweetie."


	"Nope, don't want to go."
	"I didn't say we would.  I said that there might be a chance that we would go 
there."
	"Why?"
	"Why?" Sydney knew that this was the part where the truth had to come out, 
and there was no more beating around the bush.  "Juliana, that was your Daddy, and I 
didn't know that until last night." Sydney looked into her daughter's eyes for a hint of 
what she was feeling.  But she only got a blank stare.  Juliana had stopped tracing the 
patterns on her mother's quilt, and looked at her mother.  She was silent.  "Juli, I know 
that this is a shock for you, but I didn't know this until yesterday either." Juliana still 
didn't move.  "You also have a sister I didn't know about until recently.  She's eight, 
and her name is Alexandra."   At this point, Juliana still hadn't moved since she found 
out.  "They might come here in a couple of weeks, to meet you." Sydney could tell that 
her daughter had heard every word that she had just said.
	"Mama?"
	"Yes?" Sydney asked, hoping she would get some sort of reaction from Juliana. 
	"Can I go play now?" Sydney almost burst out crying right there.  Her daughter 
had just soaked in everything she was just told, without saying anything. Positive, or 
negative, Sydney wanted to hear what her daughter thought.
	"Yes." Juliana walked out of Sydney's room, and back into the one that she and 
Raquel shared.  Sydney allowed two tears roll gently down her cheek before she reached 
over and picked up the phone.  The card that Vaughn had given her, to call, sat on the 
dresser.  She glanced at her clock, and noticed that it was four.  She quickly figured the 
time difference, and called Vaughn at work. Her fingers shook as she dialed each 
number.   In five years, she had gone out with a number of guys.  Not a lot, but she 
wasn't staying at home for a year at a time without a date.  And never had she ever been 
so nervous about calling a guy.  Figuring he had a class right then, she hoped to leave a 
message on his machine.  Which was fine.  She was so nervous that she was afraid that 
she would say something stupid to him.
	"Michael Vaughn."  Sydney almost dropped the phone at the sound of his voice.
	"Michael, it's me."  Her voice wavered like the ocean.


	"Sydney, hello."  Vaughn detected that Sydney was immediately reached out to 
her.  "What's wrong Syd?"  He asked.
	"I told Juliana about you."
	"I take it she didn't take the news well at all?"
	"No."
	"She took it well?"
	"No."
	"What do you mean?"
	"She just took it.  All she did for like several minutes was give me this blank 
stare.  It hurt.  I have no idea how she felt."
	"I told Alexandra."
	"How did she take it?"
	"Very well.  She wanted to fly out and meet you guys right then."
	Sydney gave a small laugh.  "I'm glad she was excited."  There was a long and 
awkward pause before Sydney spoke again.  "Michael, I think it would be good if you 
and Alex come out."
	"You're already calling her Alex."
	"I am?"
	"Yeah.  It was something that only you did.  Everyone else calls her Alexandra.  
She never liked anyone else calling her Alex except for her mother,  she still doesn't."
	"I didn't even know I called her Alex."
	"Deep in your heart, it is obvious that you still remember the little things that your 
head forgot."
	"I guess I do."	
	"So when should I order the tickets for?"
	"What is best for you and Alexandra?"
	"We have a spring break in less than a month."  Sydney could hear the rustle of 
papers as Vaughn checked the dates.  "Actually in two weeks."
	"Mr. Vaughn?"  Sydney heard a quaint voice call from the other line.  She heard 
Vaughn talk briefly to the student, asking him to wait.  
	"Syd?  What do you think?"


	"Two weeks is fast."
	"We can always wait until the summer.  I mean, I can't take anymore time off."
	"I understand."  Sydney quickly thought.  "Two weeks it is."
	"Great!"
	"And just to clarify, it will be just you and Alexandra.  Not anyone else I know?"
	"Yeah.  But your father may stop by before then."
	"My father. Why?"
	"He had access to the same resources I did.  And he was looking just as much as I 
was.  Jack was in Tibet at the time."
	"Oh."
	"Syd, I have to go and help a student with something.  I'll call you later."
	"Ok."
	"Bye."
	"Bye."  Sydney heard the defining tone of the phone as she put it in its cradle.
	Vaughn paused before he turned back around to his student.  He desperately 
wanted to tell Sydney that he loved her, like he always ended conversations with her.  But 
he knew that she would be weirded out by that.  To her, they had only just met.   Giving a 
smile, he turned around.  "What can I help you with Mr. Mathews?"
	"Sir, I was wondering, is there anyway you can raise my grade?"
	"Kevin, you haven't turned in three assignments.  The only way I could raise your 
grade was if you took this test."  Vaughn pulled out a test from one of his AP classes, and 
handed it to him.  "It is over material we've covered, but it is at the AP level.  If you get a 
50% I'll give you 10 extra credit points.  For every ten percent, you get another five 
points."  Vaughn said.
	Kevin looked briefly over the test.  He looked worried.  "What would ten points 
do to my grade?"
	"About 3 percentage points."
	"What is my grade?"
	Vaughn quickly opened up his grade book, and selected Kevin Mathews' grade.  
"You have a 68.4 percent."


	"I need a C to remain in track."  Kevin desperately said.  "I don't think I can get a 
50% on this test here.  Is there anything else?"
	"I'm afraid not."
	Kevin stormed out of Vaughn's office in a fit of furry.  Vaughn just smiled, 
remembering his own high school experiences.  He picked up the thrown test, and put it 
back onto his desk.
	"The track kids are the worst."  Fellow teacher Chris Chadwick said.  He was 
only a few years out of college, and the resemblance, maturity wise, between him, and his 
students was uncanny. "I had three in my class once, and I caught all three of them 
cheating on a test.  I was egged the next week.  And my mother was in town. She just 
flipped out."
	"Kevin just isn't able to put dates with events.  I have tried to help him get that C 
for track, but history doesn't click."
	"I'm just saying, if you get egged, it's your own fault."  Chris sat down in the 
desk next to Vaughn.  "Now, where are you going over spring break?"
	"What do you mean?"
	"Come on, I'm three desks over, I think I heard you talk about buying tickets for 
spring break.  Where are you and Alexandra going?"
	"Barcelona."
	"Spain?"
	"Aren't you a social studies teacher as well?  Of course Barcelona, Spain."
	"You are only going to see one city in Europe for a week.  If I was going to Spain, 
I would see all of Europe, and spend like a month there."
	"It was the longest amount of time we could go, in the shortest time."
	"Something important must be in Barcelona."
	"Yep."  Vaughn heard the bell ring, signaling the end of third period, and his 
planning time.  He stood up, straightening the papers he had just finished grading, and 
walked to the exit of the door.  Chris quickly grabbed his materials for his next class, and 
followed Vaughn.
	"Are you going to tell me?"
	"Nope."


	"Why not?"
	"I'm entitled to my secrets."  Vaughn paused in the middle of the hallway.  Like 
water around a rock, busy students parted for him and Chris. "God, Sydney would kill me 
for saying that.  She hated secrets, considering it hurt her once."
	"What are you jabbering about?"
	"Nothing."  Vaughn went into his class room.  As students began to file in, Chris 
backed off.  Vaughn absent mindedly taught for the rest of the day.  His thoughts were 
elsewhere.  He thought about Sydney mostly.  But of course coupled with Sydney was 
Juliana, and Alexandra, and the upcoming trip to Barcelona.  He thought of his mother 
arriving, and what she would think when she found out that Sydney was alive.  She had 
always loved Sydney like her own daughter, and was upset when she first went missing.  
Recently, she had taken to nagging Vaughn about trying to find someone new, so that 
Alexandra would have a mother to talk to when it came time for that time.  Vaughn still 
hadn't figured out how to tell his mother.  Alexandra was a breeze.  It was his mother he 
was really worried about.  Vaughn also thought about how mad Kevin was about his 
grade, and getting kicked off the track team.  He wondered if his own house would get 
egged.  Relief came when the final bell rang.  But it didn't last long.  Vaughn had 
forgotten that he had to stay around for a while, to help some students make up some 
work.  He went into the pod, where his and other teacher's offices were, and found the 
table full of teachers grading homework, around the common table, complaining about 
their days.
	"Mike, join us?"  Chris called out, as Vaughn went slinking into his office.
	"I can't actually.  I was just going to get a couple of things, and then I have to go.  
My mother came today."  His colleagues sent him well wishes, as he waved good bye.
	Vaughn walked out to his car, and almost dropped his bag in shock.  Sitting on the 
hood of his car was none other than Eric Weiss.  "What's up man?"
	"You left some paperwork undone yesterday.  Kendall wasn't happy.  He 
threatened to fire you, and then forgot you didn't work there anymore."
	"I haven't worked there for years.  He forgot I didn't work there?"
	"Kendall is getting old.  Memory is definitely going.  But you still need to fill 
these out."


	"Explain to me Eric, what will happen if I don't?"
	"He won't trust you with missions again."
	"Fine with me."
	"This weekend's was considered a mission."  Vaughn stood there silent.  
	"Tell him that I will get these to him, if he gets me and Alexandra well priced 
tickets for Barcelona in two weeks."
	"What is well priced?"
	"Anything below what we would pay through a travel agency.  He owes it to 
Sydney, with their half-ass efforts to find her."
	"Is that what you think the efforts were?"
	"I worked there the year after she disappeared.  She was a priority for a few 
weeks, and then it fell through the cracks."
	Eric had lost it.  His best friend wasn't acting himself.  "Listen up man." he said, 
getting up into Vaughn's face.  "There were a bunch of us who for five years would pull 
all nighters for weeks on end.  Going on missions out of our own pocket to look for her.  
There were eight of us who after you left, kept up your work.  Sure Kendall didn't 
sanctify everything we did, but we never gave up. We want to see Sydney come home 
too."
	"Thanks for doing that.  But one think I always trusted the agency with was 
getting their agents home.  Twice now, that hasn't happened.  First with my father, then 
with my wife."
	"But we found her.  You're going to see her in two weeks."
	"Then explain to me, why my daughter doesn't know who I am?  Explain to her 
whose fault it is that I wasn't by her side when she was sick this week.  Explain whose 
fault it is that I wasn't by Sydney's side when she needed me."
	"You know whose fault it is."
	"The KGB, yeah, but they don't know this.  I want you to explain this to them."
	"I can't."  Eric admitted.
	"Give me the papers.  I'll get them to his desk by tomorrow before work."
	"I'll see what I can do about those tickets." Eric said.
	"Thanks.  I'm sorry for that."


	"Its ok.  You've got a lot on your mind."
	"And now I have to go tell my mother that her daughter in law is not really dead, 
and she has another granddaughter."
	"Bridgette is in town?"
	"Should be at the house now.  Her plane arrived early this afternoon."
"Well, tell her hello for me."
	"I will."  Vaughn got into his car, and drove home, cursing leaving so late. He sat 
on the beltway, not moving.  The radio killed the eerie silence that accompanied him.  
The bad news had been reported only minutes earlier.  An accident had blocked the entire 
road for several hours.  If he had left five minutes later, he would have been ushered off 
the interstate.  Now he was stuck, with miles of other stranded travelers in front of him, 
and a block behind him.  Knowing he was stuck for a while, he picked up his cell phone.
	"Bonjour."  He heard his mother answer.
	"Mom." He said.  "I'm glad to see you made it ok."
	"Oh yes.  Quite fine.  Your daughter is now showing me the finer parts of your 
charming house."
	"It hasn't changed since you came last year."
	"I'm letting her humor me."
	"Ok.  I'm just calling to say that I will be home late."
	"Oh dear.  Are you stuck in that awful traffic jam?" 
	"How did you know about that?"
	"Dear, its all over the news."
	"Right."
	"Well, the entire better.  This way when you get home, dinner will be waiting for 
you."
	"Maman, you really don't have to do that."
	"But I want to."
	"Seriously, just let me come home, and let me cook.  You're our guest."
	"Since when have you cooked?"
	"Since Sydney-"Vaughn cut off there, knowing that his mother still didn't know 
that she was alive.  


	"I understand.  I must finish this tour your daughter is giving me."
	"Maman, I want to tell you something first."  Vaughn didn't have time to think 
about what he had just said.  For a split second when he first called, he considered calling 
to tell his mother about Sydney.  His upbrining taught him that there were things you 
don't say over the telephone.  But the words slipped out before he had a chance to stop 
them.  
	"Of course Michael."
	Over the phone wasn't how he had planned to tell his mother, but she was the last 
person he had to tell.  Keeping this wondrous news bottled in him was killing him.  He 
needed to tell her, weather it was the right time or not.   Vaughn took a deep breath 
before continuing.  "Sydney never died."
	"I know, she only disappeared.  But really, its been six years.  I, like your 
daughter, believe that she didn't live.  Now I know that isn't what you believe, and I 
respect that."
	"No, we found her."
	"Excuse me?"
	"In Barcelona this weekend.  Weiss and I went over there.  I saw her, I've talked 
with her."
	"Oh." His mother breathed.  "Have you told Alexandra yet?"
	"Yes."
	"Michael, we will talk more when you get home.  Your daughter is about ready to 
pull my arm off."
	Vaughn chuckled as he pictured the sight from his car.  "Alright Mom.  I'll see 
you when I get home."
	"Yes.  Au revoir."
	"Au revoir."  Vaughn ended the call, and sat back in his seat.  It was going to be a 
long drive home.
				
	Alexandra hung closely to her father as the two walked through the airport 
terminal.  Taken in her surroundings, the only thing she could think of was that they 
didn't just leave the country, they left the planet.  Everyone looked different.  Everyone 


spoke a different, an unusual language.  She was able to understand a word here, and a 
word there, but they talked so fast.   She looked up at her father for a moment, as he 
paused to look around the large room.
	"Daddy, is she here?"  She asked.
	"I'm still looking."
	"What does she look like?"
	"Like a larger you. Only her hair is longer, and she's taller, and her face is 
longer."
	"I look like her?"
	"Yup."
	"Is Juliana going to be with her?"
	"I don't know sweetie."  Vaughn held his daughter close, as a shady group of 
teenagers passed.  Alexandra watched them pass.  He watched as the last tram for five 
minutes, carrying people to the terminal emptied and left.  They were supposed to meet 
there, but she wasn't there.  He looked down at his oldest daughter, and smiled.  "How 
does ice cream sound?"  
	Alexandra brightened.  "I want strawberry."  She said, skipping with her father to 
the ice cream store.  
	"They don't have strawberry."
	Alexandra's face fell.  "They don't?"
	"Only coffee flavored."
	"I hate coffee."  She whined.
	"I'm only kidding Angel."  Vaughn stepped up to the front of the line, and 
ordered. "Un helado de la fresa por favor."  he said.  Grunting, the employee scoped the 
ice cream for the little girl.  Vaughn handed the ice cream to Alexandra, and the money to 
the man.
	"What did you say Daddy?"  Alexandra asked.
	"I asked him for a strawberry ice cream."
	"Oh."  The familiar chimes of an approaching tram made Vaughn look at the 
doors.
	"Come on; let's go see if she's on this tram."


	Alexandra took Vaughn's hand and held it tight, as a wave of people tried to 
around her, like water avoiding a rock.  There were so many faces.  She looked up at all 
of them, wondering if one of them was her mother.  But from the way her father 
continued to look told her that they were not her mother.  A voice broke the noise.  
"Michael!"  Vaughn looked towards where he heard his name.  Alexandra jumped to see 
if she could see her mother.
	"Sydney?"  Vaughn called.  There were still too many faces passing him, to see 
her.
	"Where is she Daddy?"
	"I don't see her yet."  
	"Michael!"  Vaughn took his daughter's hand, and pulled her through the crowd 
of people.  Alexandra was concentrating on avoiding running into people that she didn't 
notice that her father had stopped.
	She looked up at the woman that he was embracing.  She looked in awe.  This 
was her mother that she was looking at.  There were only a couple of pictures of her 
around the house, and they were so old, but Alexandra could definitely tell that she was 
looking at the woman that gave her life.  Her mother smiled, as she bent down to get eye 
level with her.  "You must be Alexandra." She said.  Alexandra was surprised that she 
spoke English.  Everyone in Spain only spoke Spanish.  Or so she thought.  Her mother 
just proved her wrong.  Alexandra took refuge partially behind her father.  Sydney just 
smiled.  "Can I get a hug?" 
	Alexandra walked over and went into her mother's waiting arms.  She couldn't 
help but smile as she realized how natural it felt to be in her mother's arms.  "Hi."  She 
whispered.
	"Hello."  Sydney said.  Her face shone brighter than any star in the sky.  For 
weeks, she had wondered what her oldest daughter looked like, and here she was, 
hugging her.  When they pulled apart, Sydney just looked at Alexandra, disbelieving the 
resemblance between her, and her Juliana.  The people had long since gone, and they 
were all alone in the hallway.  
	Vaughn spoke, diverting Sydney's attention.  "Is Juliana with you?"
	"No, unfortunately she had school.  She's not as lucky as you to get school off."


	"But it's a Saturday!"  Alexandra said.  The trio began to walk towards baggage 
claim.
	"She has a school that helps her with some things, and they are teaching her 
English.  But she's only a very beginner."  Sydney tried to explain.  "It's only half a day."  
Alexandra smiled at her mother.  
"Daddy is teaching me Spanish."
"He is?"
"Yeah, but I only know a little."
"A little is a lot."
"Huh?"
"A little bit of Spanish can get you a lot."
"Oh."
"Where are you guys staying?"
	"At a small hotel downtown."
	"If you can cancel your reservation, Rosa and Luis had to leave last night at the 
last minute, and offered their room while they are gone.  Luis's mother is really sick, so 
they took Raquel and went to tend to her.  They offered their room, and I'm sure that 
Juliana wouldn't mind if you took Raquel's bed for a while."
	"Why wouldn't Juliana mind?  Wouldn't Raquel be the one to mind?"  Alexandra 
piped in.
	"They share a room."  
	"Oh."  
	"That sounds great."  Vaughn said.
	"Ok.  We'll drop off your stuff, and then we'll go pick up Juliana from school, or 
you guys could just hang around the apartment."  Sydney offered.  "I have to take the 
bus, so we see a lot of the city on the way over.  From the bus window, I could sort of 
give you the 5 cent tour." 
	Alexandra skipped.  "Yea!  Can we do that Daddy?"
	"Sure."  Vaughn said.  "Why not?"
	"And the other half of the city you can see on the way home."  Alexandra and 
Vaughn looked uncomfortable by how crowded the bus was, but Alexandra quickly got 


over it, and turned around to watch the city.  Sydney sat sideways as she narrated the 
different buildings.  When they got to the apartment there was just enough time to drop 
the bags inside the front door before leaving to go get Juliana.  They then had to sprint to 
the bus stop.
	"Wouldn't it be easier to get a car?"  Alexandra asked as she caught her breath in 
her seat.
	"I have one.  But it's broken, and I can't afford to fix it."
	"Oh."  Sydney showed Michael and Alexandra the more familiar sights along the 
way to Juliana's school.  They got out half a block away.  Alexandra held her father's 
hand tight, although she was tempted to hold her mothers as well.  Vaughn felt his 
daughter get more nervous as they got closer.  Around them, kids were screaming, and 
playing all sorts of running games.  Vaughn smiled as he remembered when he first saw 
Juliana quietly sitting on the hill.  But she wasn't sitting there.  They followed Sydney to 
where they were able to see the top of the hill, but they didn't see Juliana.  Sydney stood 
at the top so that she could see the entire playground.  "Michael, do you see her?"
	"No." He replied.  Sydney jumped off the hill, and walked up to a girl about 
Juliana's age.  She then jogged back to where Michael and Alexandra stood.
	"Ok, I got to go talk to the teacher.  Juli got kept over for not listening.  I've got to 
go deal with that.  Do you mind just hanging out or playing for a while, while I talk to the 
teacher."
	"Sure." Vaughn offered.  Sydney smiled, and then walked into the building.  
Alexandra looked around the playground, where kids were playing on the Saturday 
afternoon.  "Do you want to go play Angel?"  Vaughn said.
	"No." Alexandra answered.  Vaughn looked down at his oldest daughter.  But she 
didn't notice.  Vaughn looked at where her glance was focused at, and saw that it was no 
where.  She was just looking at the end of the fence, where there was no one playing, or 
nothing to play with.  There were more interesting things to watch than a fence.  There 
was a group of older kids playing basketball, and soccer practice going on. Out of all 
those things, Alexandra decided to focus on the fence.  Alexandra's face was barely 
white.  He could tell that she was nervous.  Her hands had gotten a little sweaty, and she 
didn't appear to be standing quite as confidently as she was earlier.  Vaughn thought it 


was a little odd that she wasn't that nervous when they were that close to meeting her 
mother, but she was quiet, and scared when she was going to meet her younger sister.
	"You sure?"  Vaughn checked.  He had never known his daughter not to want to 
go and play.
	"Yeah."  Alexandra said. 
	"Are you going to tell me why you don't want to play?"  Vaughn prompted, 
although he already knew the answer."
	"No." Alexandra said. She kept staring.  After a short moment, she looked up at 
the father she knew and trusts.  "What if she doesn't like me?"
	"Who?"
	"My mom, or Juliana."
	"That isn't possible."
	"Yes it is.  Craig who sits four seats behind me doesn't like me."
	Vaughn smiled, remembering what it was like when he was eight.  "But he 
doesn't know who you are.  I know that your mother already likes you."
	"Really?"
	"Did you see how happy she was when you hugged her?"
	"No."
	"Well she smiled really big."
	"Did she really?"
	"Yup."
	"How will Juliana get to know me, she doesn't even speak English."
	"That is why you're learning Spanish."
	"I can only say hello, and would you like to play?"  Alexandra snarled with 
disgust.
	"That is all you need to know."  Vaughn got down on one knee to get eye level 
with his daughter.  "Alexandra, I don't think that them not liking you will be a problem.  
I think the only problem will be that for now, you wont see each other enough.  One day I 
hope that won't be a problem.  But Angel, I know that you will be loved.  Everyone, 
loves you."
	"Really?"


	"Lets see who loves you already, there's me, and Grammy, and Uncle Eric, and 
Aunt Francie, Uncle Joe, and Calvin, and Uncle Will, and Mia, and Ally, and Leigh, and 
I know that Mrs. Marshall [Her teacher] and I bet that your mother does, and soon Juliana 
too."
	"Thanks Daddy."
	"Now, do you want to go play?"
	"No."  So, hand in hand, the two stood there, until they saw Sydney and Juliana 
come out.
	Sydney pushed the door into Juliana's classroom.  A book was open, and Juliana 
was looking at the pictures.  At the sound of the open door, Juliana looked up. She smiled 
brightly.  "Mama!"  She cried, rushing over.  
	"What are you doing in here?" Sydney asked Juliana.
	"I got in trouble.  I'm sorry Mama." Juliana said, her face sad.
	"It's ok. Could you go outside and wait while I talk to your teacher?"  
	"Are they here?" Juliana whispered.  
	"Yep.  They're outside waiting for us."
	"What do they look like?"
	"Alexandra looks like you."
	"Oh."
	"Go outside, play, go find them, but I need to talk to your teacher."  Juliana 
smiled, and ran outside.   Sydney turned to the teacher, who sat at her desk, frowning as 
Sydney talked to her daughter.  "Why did you keep my daughter over.  I wasn't aware 
that it wasn't the policy of this school to keep first graders after school."	
	"Juliana sat in three time outs, but she still wouldn't stop."
	"Wouldn't stop what?"
	"She continued talking, interrupting our class.  She seemed excited about 
meeting her sister, and father.  But you and I both know that that can't be true." The 
teacher smiled.
	Sydney didn't feel the same way as the teacher did.  She knew who was standing 
outside, waiting for her.  "And what makes you think that?" She snarled.


	"Ms. English, I think that we both know your situation.  We don't want to give 
her false hopes, about a family that could never be."  
	"FALSE HOPES!?!?"That was enough. Sydney couldn't handle it anymore.  
She picked up Juliana's backpack, stuck the abandoned book, in the backpack filled only 
with projects, and walked to the door.  "Juliana will see you next Saturday.  If ever you 
want to set up a time to talk to me again, I suggest that you do not hold my daughter over 
to do so.  I do not expect to see her ever held over until it is school policy, and she 
rightfully deserves it.  And for your information, her father and her sister are out there 
waiting for us." Sydney stormed out without another word.    She saw Michael and 
Alexandra still standing on the hill where she left them.  The only thing that separated 
Sydney from Vaughn and Alexandra was a basketball court.   Juliana was invited to a 
game of tag, and was running around with delight with her friends, in a near by field.
	"JULIANA!" Sydney called.  She stopped just short of the edge of the basketball 
court so that she could talk to her youngest daughter, without her father or sister there 
watching.  Juliana waved to friends, and trotted over to her mother.  "Juli, why didn't 
you tell me that you were excited to meet Michael and Alexandra?" Sydney asked, 
stopping at the edge of the basketball court to talk to the little girl.
	"I don't know." She shyly answered.
	"If you had told me, I wouldn't have made you come to school.  You could have 
come with me."
	"Verdad?" [Really?]  
	"Yeah.  Now come on, let's go say hello."
	"Is that them?"  Sydney slid the backpack onto Juliana's back.
	"Yep."
	"He's tall."
	"Yes."
	"Are they staying with us?"
	"Yes, is that alright with you?"
	Juliana nodded.  "Where is she going to stay?"
	"In Raquel's bed."
	"In my room?"


	"Yep."
	"She won't like me."	
	"Why do you say that?"
	"Cuz I don't know what she is saying."
	"That is why you go to Saturday school, to learn English."
	"But I'm only a first year.  I won't know what she is saying."
	"If you ever don't know what is going on, look at me or Michael, and we can tell 
you what we're saying."
	"I'm the only one that doesn't know English."  Juliana pouted.
	"Alexandra is the only one who doesn't know Spanish.  So you're both in  the 
same pinch.  Now come on, lets go." Sydney offered her hand, and the two began the 
small walk up the hill.
	"Are you mad at me Mama?"
	"No, if anything, I'm mad at your teacher."
	"Good.  I don't like her." Juliana grip on her mother's hand got continually 
tighter as the fast approaching hill got closer.  
	"Hola Juliana."  Michael said, getting eye level.
	"Hola."  Juliana shyly said.  
	"Hola.  My name is Alexandra."  Alexandra said, suddenly assertive.  Vaughn 
was taken aback.  After the way she had acted moments before, the last thing he had 
expected was for her to be assertive like that.  Alexandra smiled at her little sister, as the 
two met for the first time ever.  Neither parent could believe the resemblance.  They 
looked much alike, just as both had said.  Their green eyes shone brightly.  There was no 
mistaking the fact that everyone was excited.
	Juliana looked up at her mother for a translation.  Sydney did so. Juliana stood 
silent.  "Alexandra, this is Juliana."  Sydney spoke for Juliana.
	"How about some lunch, on my treat."  Vaughn suggested.  "There looked like a 
couple of good places on the way over."  Alexandra smiled brightly.  Juliana quietly 
stood.  Vaughn got down on his knees and asked Juliana if she wanted to go to lunch as 
well.  Eagerly, Juliana nodded.  Vaughn looked at Sydney for her approval.  She herself 
smiled and nodded.


	"Sounds wonderful." Sydney said.  She looked into Vaughn's velvet green eyes.  
It was right then that she felt safe.  That he would always be with her.  Her cheeks 
blushed, and she turned away.
	The now reunited family walked happily to the bus stop to go to lunch.
				
	Sydney slowly opened the door to the apartment.  Juliana was chatting excitedly 
to Alexandra, although her sister could not understand what she was saying.  Alexandra 
just smiled.   "Mama!  Hurry up!" Juliana demanded.  
	"You're taking forever on purpose."  Alexandra whined.  Sydney smiled.
	"Are you ever going to open up the door?"  Vaughn agreed.
	"The key is stuck.  The key is stuck." Sydney lied. She had to repeat herself in 
Spanish for Juliana's sake.
	"Let me try!" Juliana said, pushing her way to the front.  She jiggled the 
handle, and the door opened.  "You were lying."  
	"I know.  I just wanted to know how long you guys were going to wait."
	Juliana made jesters to Alexandra to follow her.  Alexandra smiled, and followed 
Juliana who ran up to her room.
	"Looks like they're getting along."  Vaughn observed.
	"Yeah.  Good too."  Sydney said.  She led him into the living room.  "Would you 
like anything to drink Michael?"
